Rayme

RAY-Participant 1 (00:00:03 - 00:00:03)


Finding.


Josh (00:00:03 - 00:00:18)


Pulling out some themes. Yeah, not bad. I've got a meeting in my diary tomorrow with a very exciting title called James and Ava Journey. Is that for me or is it a miss A missing.


Eva (00:00:18 - 00:00:25)


It is for you, for Virgin. Remember that we started creating the journey.


RAY-Participant 1 (00:00:26 - 00:00:26)


Okay.


Eva (00:00:27 - 00:00:29)


You are, you're still in the office tomorrow or.


Josh (00:00:29 - 00:00:34)


Yeah, yeah, you can definitely be around until about 1 o' clock in the afternoon.


Eva (00:00:34 - 00:01:22)


Okay, great. That's great. Yeah. So it is for us to creating a first draft more detailed of the journey based on what we know and what we've heard. I don't feel the calls are helping us sufficiently to establish that. But James, experience will help and then identifying gaps and see what can we do to actually bridge those gaps in information. Maybe we need to do more mystery shopping by going to hotels and stuff like that. I, I don't know. Like we will, we can establish what, what happens then.


Josh (00:01:22 - 00:01:24)


To me that's the big gap so far.


RAY-Participant 1 (00:01:24 - 00:01:25)


Right.


Josh (00:01:25 - 00:01:28)


So obviously there aren't enough people who stayed at Virgin Hotels to talk to.


RAY-Participant 1 (00:01:28 - 00:01:32)


Them about it and James has been.


Josh (00:01:32 - 00:01:38)


To one and that's it. And particularly as most of them in America as well. Not suggesting we all go to America.


Eva (00:01:38 - 00:01:41)


But suggest that actually.


Josh (00:01:41 - 00:01:50)


Or even just, you know, being able to speak to someone who works at Virgin Hotel, I think is potentially a. Anyway, well, let's speak to Raymi.


Eva (00:01:50 - 00:01:51)


Yeah, great.


Josh (00:01:58 - 00:02:10)


Good morning. Hello. Hello.


RAY-Participant 1 (00:02:13 - 00:02:13)


Good morning.


Josh (00:02:14 - 00:02:23)


Good morning. Good to see you. Can you hear us okay?


RAY-Participant 1 (00:02:24 - 00:02:29)


I can, I just wasn't on those. Can you hear me okay?


Josh (00:02:29 - 00:02:40)


Oh, perfect. Yeah, loud and clear. Brilliant. Thank you so much for, for taking the time to chat with us. Yeah. Where are you? It must be 8am or so around where you are.


RAY-Participant 1 (00:02:41 - 00:02:42)


I'm based in Chicago.


Josh (00:02:42 - 00:02:43)


Okay.


RAY-Participant 1 (00:02:44 - 00:02:44)


Yeah.


Josh (00:02:44 - 00:02:53)


So, yeah, good morning then, I guess. Yeah. Yeah. Well only early afternoon, so it's all good. It's when we speak to people on the west coast, it gets tricky.


RAY-Participant 1 (00:02:54 - 00:02:55)


Yeah.


Josh (00:02:55 - 00:03:48)


Anyway, I should probably introduce us. I'm Josh, this is Ava. We work for a research company called Hidden Strategy. We're working with Virgin, who I guess you probably worked out thinking about hotels and not thinking about Virgin hotels necessarily, but just hotels more generally and trying to understand different people's experiences, what they like, what they dislike, what makes a great memorable hotel stay. Just a couple of things. Say there's a thing called co Loop recorder here. So we're recording this. That's purely for our note taking reason. So it won't go online or anything like that. Or you, you know, what you say is safe with us and We've got an hour. Let's see where the conversation takes us. We've got a few things to cover, but nothing like sort of exactly.


RAY-Participant 1 (00:03:48 - 00:03:49)


Book, book, book.


Josh (00:03:49 - 00:04:02)


So I guess to start things off though, it'd be just great to know a bit about yourself, you know, where you live, what you do and what you love to do, you know, when you're not working or.


RAY-Participant 1 (00:04:02 - 00:05:47)


Yeah, hotels, that's the most important thing. Right. Thanks. Nice to meet you both. I wanted to say that and thanks for taking the time. I appreciate it. I do like to give my opinion on this. So it's something that I love doing. Like I said, I live in Chicago and I work for. I'm in franchising, so I work for a franchisor, but I consult the franchisees to be successful, which is. Really does give me a. A unique opportunity to travel as well too. So I travel for work and I get to meet franchisees, you know, like my clients and then explore other cities as well. If I'm not doing that, I am fine to get on a plane as well too. So I do like to travel. That is, it's probably one of my biggest hobbies. However, if I'm not traveling and sometimes I do it when I'm traveling, I do love, I love cooking. So that does. Funny enough that you say about experience that plays into like the, the F and B bedroom. The experience when I'm in a hotel is really important to me as well. And I'm sure we'll get into that. And again, probably looped into. Travel is my own ultimate goal. I think when I was young, it's, it's harder in my 40s is to be a polyglot. So yeah, I don't, I don't foresee that necessarily happening to the fullest, fullest extent with every birthday. But it's something that I work on and I, and I try to. That's another hobby of mine as well.


Josh (00:05:47 - 00:05:50)


What languages have you learned that.


RAY-Participant 1 (00:05:50 - 00:07:02)


So I studied German in like school and into university while I was concurrently teaching myself French. And then just because of my travel kind of movements, I'm in Mexico a lot. So I get to speak Spanish and get to practice my Spanish here in Chicago as well too, which is a large Mexican population. And then I try to. Whenever, whenever I go to a foreign country, I try to like and like, I feel like I'm the anti American traveler where you try to like, I don't want to be that person who just assumes that everybody speaks English. So I, I try to like loop in and, and kind of get myself into the, into the culture and like be a local as much as I possibly can, which I love to do. And I think that does play into my whole hotel experiences too. Because I love being a local. I love local experience even though I know it's curated and it's probably a little bit more sterile. But I still like that. That's really important to me when I travel.


Josh (00:07:03 - 00:07:13)


That's great. I tried to learn Japanese a couple of years ago. Didn't go well. I think when you realize that there are some things you'll never achieve in life.


RAY-Participant 1 (00:07:13 - 00:07:17)


Yeah. But it's okay. You tried it. Which is. I think it's really neat. Yeah. Yeah.


Josh (00:07:18 - 00:08:00)


Brilliant. Well, I guess I think I said we're thinking about hotels. What makes a great hotel experience, what makes solid hotels more memorable or special. And I think you've already touched upon something kind of interesting which is there is a tendency for hotel based things, whether that's in the hotel or what the hotel suggests you do to become a bit sterile or to feel a little bit. It either curated or organized through sort of corporate partners and you're not where the locals are. But I'm sure we'll get on to that. But I guess to start things off it would be great. Just tell us a bit about the most memorable stay you've ever had in a hotel. I guess memorable for a good reason. Not like there were cockroaches kind of thing.


RAY-Participant 1 (00:08:00 - 00:10:17)


I think I'm pretty fortunate not to have too many bad memory super memorable bad experiences. A few stick out, but one of. I was in. Do you want me to name the property? I was in the the Sofitel in Bangkok And it was a new ish property at the time. And they had a lot of these kind of like local experiences. One of which was they do a lantern lighting ceremony every night. So in the lobby a kind of. A few associates come out to and light all of the candles in the lobby. And the lobby's not giant, but it's still big. And it becomes really magical as like these candles start to like light. I don't know if they were. They were real candles. But anyway it doesn't matter. Like I think like it just became. And it started and it was at dusk. So um, the, the. The lobby started to fill with this really warm flickering light. Um, and then we were having a drink in the lobby. And that's probably one of my most favorite things is lobby bars are really super important to me because I think that there is that bridge between local and hotel. That is where you kind of bridge that gap. So they took it to the next level and they, they allowed you to come behind the bar and get like a bar like lesson. And you can mix your own drink. So they'll kind of guide you so you're not mixing a terrible drink and then having an awful and then sitting there, drink, sipping a terrible drink. But they'll let you kind of like take cool ingredients, do the shaker, and you're literally behind the bar and you're mixing your own drink and then you have your drink. So it's part of the experience. So it's. That one sticks out a lot. I've had a lot. I have had a lot of, of really cool experiences, but that one really sticks out a lot because of that whole kind of full loop magical experience. This lantern candle lighting ceremony and then getting in the bar and learning and things like that. It was really neat.


Josh (00:10:17 - 00:10:32)


Yeah, that sounds great. I mean, I guess it's a great example of, I don't know, maybe you agree, maybe you don't. But one of the things I guess we've been thinking about is when you stay in a hotel, some rules of everyday life go out the window a little bit.


RAY-Participant 1 (00:10:32 - 00:10:32)


Right.


Josh (00:10:32 - 00:10:41)


You do things you might not otherwise do, or you feel free to indulge in things that you wouldn't consider at home. Is that the case for you?


RAY-Participant 1 (00:10:41 - 00:11:44)


100%. I think it's a, like, I look at airports and hotels as a lawless place place where, yeah, if you want to have, you know, I'm not a huge drinker. So like, the, the idea of like, cool, like we're gonna have lobby drinks or afternoon drinks in the, like, that doesn't happen in my real life. So, like, well, I'm here, I'm on vacation. I want to soak in it as well. And then I'm not a huge fan of excursions, like, because like you said, it becomes too, it feels too curated. It feels too sterile. However, I think the idea of like, I'll sit and listen, I will, I'll lean into it a little bit more to go. Well, what is there for me to experience? And if some, if there's a hook that, that interests me enough, I can drop in. But yeah, like, there is, It's a timeless place. Like. Yeah, yeah, you want to have, you want to have a full cocktail at 7am Go for it. Yeah.


Josh (00:11:44 - 00:11:48)


So, right. Hotels and departure lounges are like sort of twilight zones, right?


RAY-Participant 1 (00:11:49 - 00:11:50)


Totally.


Josh (00:11:51 - 00:12:17)


Let's, let's keep talking about that, you know, you know, not a fan of excursions, and I think I'm with you on that one. Um, but, you know, wanting to feel like a local, like. And I guess one of the things we're considering is the role of a hotel as being a gateway to a neighborhood. Right. So not, you know, giving you the, the tools, the advice, the skills, the knowledge to. To go out and find it yourself. And is that something you kind of do when you're in hotels?


RAY-Participant 1 (00:12:17 - 00:13:27)


Yeah, yeah, absolutely. I think the. Especially in a. If I'm going to a foreign language locale, because sometimes it can be daunting, sometimes it can be nerve, nerve. Like I can be nervous to go out because I don't know if I can go down the alley or if I can kind of explore a little kind of alleyway. However, I feel like that is the bridge to kind of go. I have the confidence. It gives me the confidence to get out. Also, the Soho grand in New York City does a really great way of. Their mini bar is all complimentary as well too. But they're like, the snacks in their mini bar are all local. So yeah, they've gone further afield and kind of gone upstate New York, which you can't just easily explore, but it's nice to go. That does get you into the neighborhood. So you go, oh, this is right around the corner. I wouldn't mind exploring that because, you know, I had, I had that snack in the, in the, in the room. So maybe we explore what, what more they have to offer.


Josh (00:13:27 - 00:13:28)


Yeah.


RAY-Participant 1 (00:13:28 - 00:13:34)


And it does ease the, the unknown travel apprehension, I think.


Josh (00:13:34 - 00:13:53)


Yes. Yeah, yeah, yeah. But, you know, it gives you the license to explore right now. So in, in those kind of scenarios, I'm sort of interested. Would you kind of go to the front desk or ask concierge, like, how would you kind of plan your. Plan your attack of the neighborhood?


RAY-Participant 1 (00:13:53 - 00:16:18)


So I tend not to. And I don't know if it's an. It's a conscious decision not to go to a hotel guest as. Or a hotel agent to. Because I think I don't want necessarily the. The cookie cutter response. And I. And I've fallen victim to it where I. I've asked and I go, it was good. But like, obviously they have a relationship with it. And I've also had luck. So I don't want to say that it's always bad, but I do tend to say maybe it's. I trust the hotel to put themselves into a location that is. They know that they're going to have 300 travelers. So they wouldn't put themselves in a location that is not savvy for travelers. And I think that depends on the brand as well too, of course. But generally they're not going to put themselves into a place that's not super friendly or easily navigatable by a traveler. So I will stay probably in a three or four block radius, depending on the location, depending on the city, stay in a three or four block radius from the hotel. Because I do, I'm still connected. I go, I know it's there. You know, if I could see the hotel, I guess I'm like, maybe I feel more comfortable with it and it's easier for me to try new things. Yeah. If I know the coffee shop, I can try that close coffee shop and then I can maybe go to the next coffee shop or bakery or something like that. So yeah, that's, that's my kind of safe zone is the immediate radius around the hotel. Because I feel comfortable now I can't find something. That's when I'll generally go to an agent and I'll say, where can I, like can you, you push me in the right direction? I think that that definitely comes to my trust. Like much trust I've had with them. Like my interact, my previous interaction with them. Another hotel in Bangkok. I've had a really great experience with an agent and I trusted everything she said. Anything, you know, she could be giving me the sterile kind of utter recommendation, but I still felt really.


Josh (00:16:20 - 00:16:24)


Yeah, that's so interesting. I mean, how does that trust get built?


RAY-Participant 1 (00:16:32 - 00:16:37)


We know hotels are really good at hospitality. That's their job.


Josh (00:16:37 - 00:16:37)


Yeah.


RAY-Participant 1 (00:16:40 - 00:16:57)


And every interaction should be rooted in that hospitality. If an agent, if a front desk associate takes every single opportunity to do that, that immediately earns trust with me.


Josh (00:16:57 - 00:16:58)


Yeah.


RAY-Participant 1 (00:17:00 - 00:17:22)


I'm a firm believer on it's not what happens, it's how you fix it. And you know, these, most of these interactions, nothing bad has ever happened. But if I feel comfortable, if it feels like I'm walking into your house and it might be a 400 room hotel or even a small boutique hotel, if it feels like I'm walking in your house, you have my trust.


Josh (00:17:23 - 00:17:37)


Yeah, yeah, that's a great way of putting it, I think on that kind of fixing it point. Have you got any examples, your experiences where whether it's something big or something small that's been fixed and they've kind of lived up to that?


RAY-Participant 1 (00:17:37 - 00:17:56)


Yeah, I mean it wasn't, it's not the most prestigious property, but I was in a renaissance and the air conditioning was atrocious. It was in the middle of summer in Dallas, and if you've ever been in the, in the middle of summer in Dallas, it's not the most comfortable.


Josh (00:17:56 - 00:17:57)


Yeah, for sure.


RAY-Participant 1 (00:17:59 - 00:18:45)


And while the air conditioning was continuing to run, it was not working. Like, it definitely wasn't cooling the property. And Marriott obviously has the app where you can message. And I had left, I had gone, I had to be off site. So I messaged them and it was almost instantaneous. Like they had an engineer up and, you know, probably, you know, not as, as impactful, but I think that is come back to a cool room. When I was like, what am I going to do? Like, I'm not going to be able to sleep in this room. So. But the speed in which, that they fixed it was really admirable.


Josh (00:18:45 - 00:18:57)


Yeah. You mentioned sort of using the, using the app. Do you tend to use kind of digital services or. I, you know, the district concierges or different hotels do different things. Is that your back?


RAY-Participant 1 (00:18:57 - 00:19:03)


Nope. Never. Only when there's an issue. Because I don't, I feel badly because I, I don't want to burden.


Josh (00:19:04 - 00:19:04)


Yes.


RAY-Participant 1 (00:19:04 - 00:19:34)


I'm a crazy guest like this. Right. Like, I don't want to go to a front desk and burden somebody because I don't want them feeling poorly for it. Like, yeah, easier for me to be a keyboard warrior, you know, when things go wrong, not go wrong. Like, I'm not by any means mean, but like, it's easier for me to go. I'm shielding somebody else even though I know that they're fine, they're happy to help and happy to fix it. But like, I, I hate for them to feel badly or feel like they have to, like, I, I, stuff happens. I get it.


Josh (00:19:34 - 00:19:46)


So for sure, I, I guess maybe it's because I'm British, but there's always the horrible dance of trying to, trying to express your disappointment with something whilst. Whilst what? Was not saying outright that you're disappointed with something.


RAY-Participant 1 (00:19:46 - 00:19:46)


Yes.


Josh (00:19:46 - 00:19:47)


Yeah.


RAY-Participant 1 (00:19:48 - 00:20:02)


And not being like, I don't want to place blame, you know, it's not the agent's fault that I'm, you know, bringing up to them. And the air conditioning is broken. They have no clue. And it's not, this is not nefarious by any means. Yes.


Josh (00:20:02 - 00:20:20)


Yeah, yeah, absolutely. I mean, we maybe touched upon a little bit of this, but I guess hotels come in all sorts of shapes and sizes, right? Different levels of star, different locations. And I guess one of the things we're really thinking is how do you make those stays memorable.


RAY-Participant 1 (00:20:20 - 00:20:20)


Right.


Josh (00:20:20 - 00:20:35)


And what kind of things in your experience, either through business travel or through leisure travel or combinations of both have kind of really helped hotel stays feel memorable, Right. Or make you feel slightly different as a guest?


RAY-Participant 1 (00:20:42 - 00:22:22)


I think time, like taking time and, and actually. Having permission to take time, you know, check in is. Is both frantic because there may be a long line if you've ever been to Vegas, you. That those lines go out the door, you know, but check in can be frantic. It also for. For the traveler. And I think this is where hotels that get it right, that this is where they get it right, is they realize that somebody is. Has traveled, whether it's a two hour flight, whether it's a, you know, three connection, 24 hour, you know, transit that that hotel realizes, a good hotel realizes that that person is at the end of their journey and just starting the next phase of their journey and allowing. Knowing the time, like, not too much time, because at times somebody's like, you know what? I just want to get to my room. Thanks so much. I don't need to go through the rigmarole. I've been to hotels where it's. Where it's a bit more. There's a lot of pomp and circumstance, you know, and you're like, okay, come on, like, let's get through this. So I think understanding that where somebody is in the journey is really important and taking time to introduce them to the property, but not over. Over overexpose the property unnecessarily.


Josh (00:22:22 - 00:22:24)


Yeah, I get that. Yeah.


RAY-Participant 1 (00:22:24 - 00:23:00)


And then touch points along the way. Like, I think that's really, really important to me. Little surprises. And I think the W hotels do. Certain W properties do that really, really well. Like our. The hotel the W hotel in Taipei just really knocked it out of the park with like these little express little surprises and things that were unique to say as well as just things that they do. Like. Yeah, you know, the laundry experience was really fun. Like, yeah.


Josh (00:23:00 - 00:23:00)


Oh, God.


RAY-Participant 1 (00:23:01 - 00:23:13)


Basket. It just looks. It looks like it was taken care of. And I felt like I go, well, you know, I spent money on that laundry because it's not cheap. And I go. I felt like they. They recognize that.


Josh (00:23:13 - 00:23:15)


Yes. Yeah. Yeah. And what, what other little surprises?


RAY-Participant 1 (00:23:15 - 00:24:04)


The W hotels, one of my most favorite. There's a little bit of a backstory. So stay with like. So I. What? I. I used to live in Australia and I had gotten on a plane and I sat across the aisle from Angelina Jolie and like. And again, there's a point to this. So I Go, okay, cool. Like, this is kind of wild. Like, she's a big, huge star. And then about four months later, I'd gotten on another plane and she was on the front of the In Flight magazine. Yep. And. And I go, oh, she's the travel companion. So I had tweeted out like, angelina Jolie is my travel buddy.


Josh (00:24:04 - 00:24:05)


Yeah.


RAY-Participant 1 (00:24:05 - 00:24:27)


I was at the W in. In Union Square in New York, and they had picked up that tweet. They had seen that tweet. Like, it was maybe like six or nine months later that they had. I was staying at the property and then they had seen that tweet. So they had gone and gotten a framed photo of Angelina Jolie and put it in my. The room with a box of chocolates and said, this is from your travel buddy.


Josh (00:24:27 - 00:24:36)


Oh, that's brilliant. So presumably that before. Before they must have. As you. As you were going to stay, they must have gone through your Twitter account and just seen that.


RAY-Participant 1 (00:24:37 - 00:24:53)


Yeah, that's great. It was really clever. And like, did. Did well for, you know, you walk into the room and you're like, what's this? You know, like, like, and really great chocolates and a photo of Angelina Jolie.


Eva (00:24:53 - 00:25:04)


It feels like there's a really fine line between finding those moments delightful and finding them spooky and slightly intrusive.


RAY-Participant 1 (00:25:05 - 00:26:29)


Yes, you 100% are right. It could be like, wait, you dug through my, you know, you went through my Twitter on this one. So. And I think maybe I do give a little bit of the backstory on this as well, too. I was a travel journalist, so I think that they knew that I was coming, and they, they. They had permission to be playful. Give them permission, but they knew that they had permission to be playful on this. And, and I think I may have reached out to the property prior just to say, you know, like, I'm going to be in town and not, not being like, I'm a travel journalist as well too. But, like, there was. There was a reason that I reached out prior. So I think they. That gave them the permission to kind of do their research. But yeah, like, sometimes you're like, oh, that's a little creepy. However, I think they can take the moment, and I think they did take the moment, but they, they. They took the moment to go, this guy obviously is playful because, you know that they knew that, you know, like, Angelina Jolie is not my travel buddy. However, she just disappearing in every single kind of travel experience that I've been having for the last few, few months. So I think they they saw the permission to be grateful. Had they gone any deeper. Yeah, I think I would have been a little maybe concerned.


Eva (00:26:31 - 00:26:32)


Explains a lot. So.


RAY-Participant 1 (00:26:32 - 00:26:34)


Yeah, yeah.


Josh (00:26:34 - 00:26:35)


And I think you sort of touched.


RAY-Participant 1 (00:26:35 - 00:26:36)


Upon it a little bit.


Josh (00:26:36 - 00:26:42)


But you know, they, they were smart enough to recognize your personality. Right. And yeah.


RAY-Participant 1 (00:26:42 - 00:26:43)


And then followed it through.


Josh (00:26:43 - 00:27:02)


Which, which is kind of great. Let's talk about food and beverage because as you said, it's a hot topic for you maybe, maybe even in your days as a travel journalist as well. Like what, what makes a great food beverage experience? What makes a terrible food and beverage experience at hotel.


RAY-Participant 1 (00:27:02 - 00:29:43)


Yeah, I'd rather start with the great. Because. Yeah, why not? Yeah. Highlighting what each location has to offer. So I live in Chicago even if I and I'll do staycations here because I do enjoy a hotel stay. So if a hotel can come in and have a creative take on Chicago hot dog or dish pizza or an Italian beef sandwich and that allows somebody who might be new to the to Chicago or visiting Chicago to go. Oh, this is what they kind of what put them on the map. What a little bit of the, you know, like the, the thing to eat and then that again becomes the bridge to go. Oh, I really liked that at the hotel. I really comfortable to go find it on my journey. You know, Taipei is a great, great example. Seoul is a great example of really great street food. And street food, at least to Americans probably could be really like, you know, there's, there's a level of fear with street food. You don't know what you're getting. And then there's obviously a language barrier as well too. I'm not that person. Like I'll just, I'll, I'll find what I'll like, I'll eat and I will make it work. But it's really easy for me to go. Well, I had that in the hotel. So I know what to expect on the street. And we know that it could be more authentic on the street and you know, a little bit more sterile in the hotel. But there is that bridge and I think that's really important as well too. Also like bar snacks, lobby bars are really like, lobby bars are really important to me. But bar snacks really are a moment to highlight the location and the uniqueness. But when, when it's special and when it's right, I go, oh, that's cool. Bar snacks, like that's like I love it outside of the US but international locations. I'm a huge fan of hotel buffets. Like, like, because like breakfast buffets. Because I tend to be able to get to try out, trying new things. And you know, like, while I am an eater, like I love to eat and I love cuisine but like I'm not like gorging myself but it allows for me to go cool. There's, there are plenty of options. And then, then connect the dots to what I see in other restaurants or street. In street foods as well.


Josh (00:29:44 - 00:30:06)


I think you sort of touched upon something there which is really interesting that I think there's perhaps a possibility that hotel. To eat in the hotel is to kind of go. It's sort of the safe last resort. But if you can have food which feels true to the place you're in, then it doesn't feel like it's somehow a compromise. Right. It feels like you're.


RAY-Participant 1 (00:30:06 - 00:30:06)


Yeah.


Josh (00:30:06 - 00:30:09)


You're participating in the place you've come to visit a little bit.


RAY-Participant 1 (00:30:09 - 00:30:48)


Bit. Yeah. And I look, if I'm traveling internationally, I'm not the one that's still going to get chicken fingers or you know, like that's, I'm not just gonna do the go to of like cool Belgian waffle and I love a Belgian waffle. But like I'm not like, I know that there's, there are other things that I can try that allows for me to explore. So that is part of the journey to me as well too. Like food is a big part of my, my travel journey. And, and that does play a role too because I think it does bridge a little bit of fear. But then it also allows for me to be safely adventurous.


Josh (00:30:49 - 00:30:55)


Yeah, yeah, love that. Briefly, how do in your experience hotels get F&B wrong?


RAY-Participant 1 (00:31:05 - 00:31:55)


I think for starters, using really bad ingredients. I mean not bad, sorry, low quality ingredients, really pedestrian ingredients. You know, we see that in the USA lot. Like we, we also know the menu. Like we know a hotel menu. And if you don't get the cheeseburger right. Yeah, the room service cheeseburger right. Like you shouldn't be doing it. Yeah. If you don't get the. And the BLT is my. That's my go to is the BLT because I think it's a solid sandwich and I also think how could you do it wrong? But if you don't get that right. Everyone knows BLT or a club sandwich is what is is is on a hotel menu. A hotel room service menu. So you don't get that right. It's a big miss.


Josh (00:31:55 - 00:31:57)


Yeah, yeah, yeah.


RAY-Participant 1 (00:31:57 - 00:32:43)


And there's, there's interest in the simplicity of all of that. Yeah, sure. Club sandwich is everything. We, we all Know, but like if you knock it out of the park, like you, you know what you're doing. So I, I think when they, when hotels skimp on quality product or quality ingredients and we're talking about affordability now obviously that's like conversation right now. And I think when they go, when they go to the other end of the spectrum of saying, well we are a hotel, we can charge more and then it becomes absorbent, it seems gratuitous.


Josh (00:32:43 - 00:33:01)


Yeah. Is there a bit of, you know, if this is the. In a positive sense, if they put this much care and attention into a blt, then I expect them to put this much care. Attention into the towels and you know, the laundry service and you know that even the sort of the checkout process and.


RAY-Participant 1 (00:33:02 - 00:33:53)


Yeah, well, and to my point with you know, kind of the laundry, like the laundry came back in a basket and it was all folded. My shirts all had like the collar stays with a little like bow and I, and I took a photo of it and I think that you know, to take a photo of it and I may tweeted it out and stuff like that and I don't have a million followers. I have like 700. So I'm not like that by any means. I think I may have like posted it to go. Like, I think that's really fun. And of course like it says W Taipei. So like, you know, there's branding associated with it. Everything is, everything makes sense. Like they do everything on purpose because somebody is going to be delighted by this little like collar stay. So yeah, like attention to detail here. Like if you are really doing that BLT or that club sandwich. Right. Yeah, I'm really comfortable that you're gonna get the other things. Right.


Josh (00:33:53 - 00:33:55)


Yep, I guess.


RAY-Participant 1 (00:33:56 - 00:33:57)


What?


Josh (00:33:57 - 00:34:08)


Yeah, obviously you've stayed in a lot of hotels. Is there anything you really don't like about hotels or anything you'd love to change about hotel culture or hotel experiences if you could?


RAY-Participant 1 (00:34:08 - 00:34:11)


Yeah, I, I feel like we all.


Josh (00:34:12 - 00:34:12)


Know.


RAY-Participant 1 (00:34:15 - 00:35:06)


What we're walking into when we wipe down that door. And I. And I not just meaning like what we walk into experience wise, but what we're walking into. Layout of a hotel. And that's where I think W really does. Well, I don't work for the W. A lot of those properties where the rooms are not the standard. I'm walking into a hallway, there's a bathroom to the right or a bathroom to the, you know, there's a bathroom on the side and then I walk into a room and if it's a suite, like I've got, you know, kind of other rooms, like that whole standard layout. And of course, a box is a box is a box, so, like, there's very little that we can do, and then space gets wasted. So. I understand, you know, space is a premium, but I. I enjoy walking into a room. That blows my expectations away.


Josh (00:35:06 - 00:35:06)


Yeah.


RAY-Participant 1 (00:35:07 - 00:35:46)


And I think that's where I really like a boutique experience. And, you know, like, you know, small hotels, the small luxury hotels of the world, or like, that brand is. Is really fantastic because, you know, you're walking into. You feel like you're walking into a home. And it's not Airbnb. I don't do Airbnbs, so I like a unique space. I want to. That's where I think hotels get it wrong, where, like, it's the same box, same formula, and I go, nothing special here. Yeah.


Eva (00:35:47 - 00:35:50)


Out of curiosity, why don't you do Airbnb?


RAY-Participant 1 (00:35:55 - 00:37:23)


I think I've seen so much, and this is. I think I've stayed at one, so. But the. The whole added fees I get frustrated with, because I want to know what I'm walking into. I don't. I don't feel like there's added fees unless I'm in Vegas and there's, like, added fees in a hotel, but I don't feel like there's added fees. I think the transparency in hotel properties is better than Airbnb. I. I do recognize that I probably would enjoy it based on everything I've said. I would enjoy that, like, home feel. The. The really. The hyper local feel. I've stayed at a. There's a point to this as well, too. There's. I've stayed at a hotel in Barcelona that actually was apartments, and it is actually a hotel, and it was kind of service departments and, you know, like, there's no elevator. It's in it. It's in the barrier Gothic. And it's just. I do walk in and I feel like I'm like, okay, I'm totally a local, but it's still a hotel. I think I would like that experience of Airbnb, but I just. I'm very apprehensive with the hidden costs and, you know, like, what I've always seen people complain about.


Josh (00:37:24 - 00:37:24)


Yeah.


RAY-Participant 1 (00:37:24 - 00:37:29)


And I. I don't know if I spent so much time to debunk that in my head.


Josh (00:37:30 - 00:37:38)


That makes a lot of sense. I always sometimes think with an Airbnb that just because you're staying in a local's house doesn't make you feel like a local.


RAY-Participant 1 (00:37:40 - 00:38:40)


Yeah. That's Actually really interesting because the other side for a hotel, just because you're in a hotel doesn't mean that you shouldn't feel like you are a visitor. So that healthy balance is really important on both ends because, you know. Yeah, like there should be something special in an Airbnb except stayed in an Airbnb in Australia in the wine region in the Yarra Valley. And you know, the basket was everything from the Yarra Valley There were bottles of wine and, and there, there it was. It really did walk you in and introduce you and you felt like you were. And these were cabins so like you felt like you were part of this and, and. But yeah, like there's no reason why I should feel like I'm just a local and there should no. And. And there alternatively, there should be no reason why I feel like I'm not. Yes, just a visitor.


Josh (00:38:41 - 00:39:01)


Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Nicely put with Virgin Hotels We're sort of thinking about lifestyle hotels. Is that a phrase that you've. You've come across lifestyle hotels? I feel like it's, it's not very kind of everyday person friendly, but maybe as a travel journalist it's come up a bit more. Yeah.


RAY-Participant 1 (00:39:01 - 00:40:07)


Yes, 100%. And I think. Do you. Would you want me to explain what that means? I think everything that I just said and I don't want to, you know, kind of dumb it down but like make me walk in and feel like I'm part of this. I'm staying here for seven, eight, eight nights. Make me feel like I am part of the next nights and not behind a piece of glass or behind a curtain where you're just staying here. Also one that like, I don't, you know, take service workers for, for granted and I appreciate every interaction that I have in, in everywhere but you know, we're talking about hotels so, you know, like, I do like to meet people and, and allowing like those, those agents, those associates, if they're allowed, if they're permitted to be friendly and not friend but like be friendly. It changes the experience. And that to me is a lifetime. The lifestyle.


Josh (00:40:08 - 00:40:49)


That's great. I think there's lots to kind of start there, I think, but I guess I'd love to talk a bit more about that, I guess. Sense of permission. Right. It's a really interesting dynamic because I feel like if you go slightly higher up to sort of luxury, then you've got start tripping over themselves or come this way. Mr. Gornier, you know, can feel quite uncomfortable. I think to some people, some people expect it as Normal. But that idea of kind of being on a level with the, the staff. Right. Is, is I think a really interesting one. And then you sort of said having the permission to be friendly. Yeah, tell me a bit more about that because I think it's a really fascinating subtle point. Yeah.


RAY-Participant 1 (00:40:49 - 00:42:03)


I think it's having a permission to be comfortable, to be relaxed. If you've. I don't know what type of airlines either of you flown, but like, we can say, you know, the difference between flying Singapore Airlines and flying American Airlines, both are good airlines, both are great airlines in their own right. But like the, the difference is I don't feel like I am doing something wrong. Well, that. So now you don't know where I'm going with that. But like, you could feel like you're doing something wrong on Singapore Airlines when you're not following the rules. Yes. You know, if I'm in business class or in their suites, like, you go, oh, I didn't know. And they would never make you feel otherwise. 100, you know, I've been very fortunate to fly premium cabins and like, they will never make you feel like you've done something wrong now, you know, United Airlines, or they may make you feel. Feel badly for it, but I think the rules are a little bit more lax and. But your expectations are different. So I know that if I'm flying JAL versus American Airlines the attention to detail, the service, the comfort level is going to be different on jail.


Eva (00:42:04 - 00:42:45)


Question about that, very interesting. Do you think it is a matter of service definition. Right. Like. Or it is a cultural way of servicing. Right. Like, I am Mexican and in Mexico it's very competitive, you know, at all levels. You will be competing with many people for business and therefore the differentiator is the, the service and restaurant, the taco stand, the whatever it is that offers more is a one that actually going to get more people.


RAY-Participant 1 (00:42:45 - 00:43:54)


Yes. Yeah. It is a complete service. Sorry to cut you off, but I think it's a complete service differentiation. I also think it is cultural. You know, we know that. There are certain countries in Asia that like breed service. Like, we know. And not only do they breed service and just like I've been to Mexico City and I know that there are people that are being exported from Mexico City to go to, you know, work for the greatest hotels in the world because hospitality is really so important. So they, they understand that this is a, this is a ticket for them, but it's cultural as well too. So I know that like, you know, Thai hospitality is some of the most the warmest hospitality and never feel like it's put on. I feel like that that's very natural. And you know, I'm heading back to Mexico next week and I know that I'm going to walk in or walk into the hotel and I'm going to feel like I'm home.


Eva (00:43:56 - 00:43:57)


Thank you.


Josh (00:43:57 - 00:44:05)


I love that, I guess. Yeah. Thinking about that kind of the lifestyle. I think your definition of a lifestyle hotel is a really interesting one.


RAY-Participant 1 (00:44:05 - 00:44:06)


Right.


Josh (00:44:06 - 00:44:11)


Because it focuses on both kind of service, but also sort of.


RAY-Participant 1 (00:44:11 - 00:44:12)


Yeah.


Josh (00:44:12 - 00:44:24)


Sense of what it feels like to be in and around other people, which I think is really great. I mean, are there any kind of. What would be your kind of archetypal lifestyle hotel brands in your bio? You. I think W might be a good example.


RAY-Participant 1 (00:44:26 - 00:45:42)


Obviously sticks out. I think Andaz sticks out as well too, because they never feel like it's. It's stuffy. Like I've been fortunate enough to stay in some, you know, like the, the five stars, the four stars and five stars. I just don't get that in four seasons. Yeah. I don't get it at a risk. So I'd say Andaz. I would definitely say W. I could potentially say Renaissance as well too. And I think it just depends on the location or, you know, like where. Where in the world it is. That goes for W as well, too. W's in the US are. Are slightly lackluster, but, you know, slightly is an understatement. But I think as soon as you go even the W in Mexico City, we've had a delightful experience. And, and I think it's. They. They choose their locations appropriately and, and, and though they will use that as a strength in. In their kind of experience. So, yeah, I would stick with W. I would definitely go to Andaz as well.


Josh (00:45:42 - 00:45:57)


Yeah, I have interest. Yeah, you sort of touched upon a couple of times what are the big differences between hotel culture or kind of hotel expectations in the US compared to other places around the world?


RAY-Participant 1 (00:46:01 - 00:47:59)


I don't know. I don't know if I can explain it. I think that the ebbs and flows of the W brand, it obviously started in the US But I know that I'm going to walk into a way different experience as soon as I have to. I need a passport to travel to a city at a W specifically, potentially, it might be. The American travelers are not. This is a generalization, of course, American travelers, I think they demand something else. I think they. And I also think American travelers don't really know what serve, what really good service is and what comes first, the chicken or the egg. Is it because they've never gotten it or they, you know, the service levels have never been up to par? Or is it because they, they don't demand it and that's why the service levels have never been. Don't know. I don't know what that is. So I think that the W brand in the US has just gone homeostasis because they can. And it becomes, you know, the bean counters are saying, well, this is not part of, this is not making us money, so we have to cut it now. Whereas, you know, in Mexico City or, you know, trans, trans oceanic, that becomes, oh, that, that's not even an element because people go, no, no, this is part of what we do, and this needs to be upheld. Yeah, I, I, I think it probably does stem from how American travelers travel, you know.


Josh (00:47:59 - 00:48:00)


Right.


RAY-Participant 1 (00:48:00 - 00:48:20)


And what their expectations are, sadly, unfortunately, because I do love a W, but I just don't love going to a W in the US And I know that they're kind of re. Evolving in the US and, and, and fixing that. They recognized it, but I think that they are fixing it. But I still know that my W experience in Amsterdam is going to be very different.


Josh (00:48:20 - 00:48:20)


Yeah.


RAY-Participant 1 (00:48:21 - 00:48:21)


San Francisco.


Josh (00:48:21 - 00:48:47)


Yeah. Do you think that's the same? I mean, I guess obviously we are kind of generalizing here, but do you think that's a kind of a, an issue which affects a lot of American or hotel chains in the US which perhaps exist elsewhere as well? Is there a kind of, I don't know how you describe it. Is it a kind of maybe a greater willingness to compromise for efficiency sake? If that's.


RAY-Participant 1 (00:48:47 - 00:49:58)


Yes. Yeah. Yeah. I think that is it. They, they have permission to round the corners of it because. One, it doesn't cost, it costs, it saves money. And then two, it, it doesn't, it's not valued by the, the customer. Yeah. And I think that, you know, it's, I would say it's, it's probably really sad for somebody to come into the US and expect one thing because they're feeling, you know, they've traveled, you know, in their home region and stayed at, you know, that, you know, Sheridan property or Weston property. And then they, they get here and they go, what happened? Like, I thought this was, I thought this was the Mecca. And I know that's probably happening with a lot of things other than hotels, too. But, you know, like, this is, this is where this brand started. I live in Chicago, so, like, I is based here, so I know that the Hyatt experience should Be really great here. It's not always really great here. So like you probably have to go further afield for it.


Josh (00:49:58 - 00:50:00)


Yeah, interesting.


RAY-Participant 1 (00:50:00 - 00:50:47)


Also, I think that the general population doesn't understand how Hyatt works. Like walk into a Hyatt in, in any city, it's not owned by Hyatt, it's actually someone else. And I think it's the management, that management agreement. And I think that's where it, that potentially gets missed or elevated because you have a really good hotelier that comes in and says, no, we want to provide great service. We're not going to cut corners because we want to get great reviews on Google, we wanna get great reviews on our home sites and we want people to come here. We want to be a destination. So does that happen more in the States? Potentially? I'm not too certain.


Josh (00:50:47 - 00:50:54)


Sure. I mentioned right at the beginning we're sort of working with Virgin. Do you know anything about Virgin Hotels? Have you ever stayed in a Virgin hotel?


RAY-Participant 1 (00:50:54 - 00:52:16)


Yeah, unfortunately Virgin Hotels just exited Chicago, like the very first one. So yeah, I do know Virgin and I was quite fortunate to be in pinching distance to Mr. Branson Sir Richard at the opening for the Chicago property. And I was, I had just a friend in Chicago for the holidays and they had stayed at the Virgin in Vegas. And I had said, you know, I had mentioned something about the beds and they go, oh wait, what? But the beds? And I go, yeah, the beds are like, that's the, the, the bed. And it kind of is this modular kind of like multi use bed. Because I thought that that was really interesting that Virgin said, okay, no, no, the bed is the center, like that becomes the center of the room. And we need to use it for more than just sleeping because people do. Or we need to have it work for more than just sleeping. That's how people use it. And I thought that that was fascinating and I think I love a trailblazer approach to things. And obviously we know Virgin is, or I know Virgin is. I look at Virgin as a trailblazer for things in whatever industry they're in.


Josh (00:52:16 - 00:52:38)


Yeah, it's fascinating, right? And I think, you know, one of the things that we're trying to kind of get our heads around is what does the kind of Virgin brand mean or what does it give license to do? And then how do you apply that to hotels? Because obviously it does lots of different things. Outside the US there's even more things. But in the US obviously it's got the airline, it's got the voyages.


RAY-Participant 1 (00:52:41 - 00:54:17)


Yeah. Something that we Touched on earlier. The Virgin brand has permission to go look at somebody's Instagram account and pull some nuggets out of that and be playful on them. I think the brand has immediate permission to do that, whether or not they're. And of course, you know, depending on who they're speaking to or who their audience is. But I think they have earned permission to do things like that, to do those surprising delights and without it being creepy, you know, without it being intrusive. I think that they also have permission to be a little bit more playful or be more like, they have permission to have that friendly associate. Because while the brand is still new, if you look at, you know, kind of the, the breadth of industry, they've earned their chops when it comes to saying, well, we know what our ethos is, so any deviation from that is we still stay close to our ethos. So they've done a good job at, you know, through the airlines, through voyages, through the hotels. They've done, done a good job at telling their story. That allows for them to deviate because they know, they know the way back. And that's, I think, oftentimes where brands get lost is when they deviate and they don't know how to get back to.


Josh (00:54:17 - 00:54:26)


Yeah, yeah, that makes total sense. I mean, in the grand sort of scheme of hotels, who do you think Virgin's sort of closest peers would be?


RAY-Participant 1 (00:54:28 - 00:55:11)


I don't want to keep coming back to the W, but I would say the W. I would say Andaz as well, too. I don't know if there's a Hilton brand necessarily that or a Hilton property that I could do a parallel to. I could also say Kimpton, because again, there, there is, there becomes this, like I'm walking into an experience. I know I'm walking into an experience. And Kimpton on Dodds W. I know I'm walking into something. I, I, There's a minimum expectation that, that I'm going to, there's going to be something fun, there's going to be something playful.


Josh (00:55:12 - 00:55:39)


Yeah, yeah, yeah, absolutely. And I think three. One of the things is, we're trying to think about what are those kind of almost invisible lines between these different brands. They offer something slightly different, but definitely playing a kind of a similar space, I guess. What kind of people do you imagine would stay in a Virgin hotel? Right. It's so every, every, every brand has its sort of imagined ideal customer love to know what it might be for Virgin.


RAY-Participant 1 (00:55:40 - 00:56:11)


Double income, no kids. You know, like we could 100%. I see girls Weekends. See, I, I mean, I do definitely see like, you know, bucks weekends as well too. Kind of like that whole like the celebratory travel. The interesting thing is I could not see my grandparents. They're not alive. Like, I couldn't see my grandparents walking into a W and saying, I really enjoyed this.


Josh (00:56:11 - 00:56:12)


Yeah.


RAY-Participant 1 (00:56:12 - 00:57:41)


I could see them walking into at least, you know, the W, Chicago and go, there is something about this that's. While I'm. While, yes, there's a ceramic dog, but I'm still comfortable. I can still live here. I don't feel like I'm out of place. So I could say anyone, which is a generic answer. But I do feel like, you know, somebody who has the funds because it's not, you know, is it a middle to upper class product and somebody who's not afraid? But yeah, like gay couples 100. Like, like the, the, the party seekers, the adventurers. I was fortunate to do a Virgin voyage as well too. So I, I do see like, because there, there were all ages on that ship. So I, I do feel like the Virgin brand is not. It doesn't turn people away. Yeah, yeah, yeah. But definitely not that like mo. We can't say Millennial is young anymore. Sorry. But like, you know that like under 30 person is, would love to. That would, it would be aspirational, but it would just be cost prohibitive.


Josh (00:57:42 - 00:57:57)


Yeah, I, I think it makes total center. I think one of the things that is kind of intriguing about Virgin is it has a license to be fun and quirky and kind of mildly hedonistic. But it's not, it's very anti. Exclusive.


RAY-Participant 1 (00:57:57 - 00:57:57)


Right.


Josh (00:57:57 - 00:58:12)


The best way I could describe it, you know, in a way that perhaps a W, you might kind of walk into W, particularly if you are maybe a little bit older or just have slightly more subdued tastes and go, well, I don't know if I belong here. And I kind of feel like that maybe isn't as big a problem.


RAY-Participant 1 (00:58:12 - 00:58:41)


Virgin. It's definitely not. It's definitely not. And I think, you know, talking about a Virgin voyage, like just their approach to dining is, is a complete far departure from, from any other cruise line. And I think that that is like the center of it, of going, no, no, everyone, we're going to do this together, but in the way that you want and you go, oh, okay. Yes. And that's exactly how they do it.


Josh (00:58:43 - 00:58:47)


We've nearly run out of time, which is incredible. I don't know how an hour has gone by so rapidly, but.


RAY-Participant 1 (00:58:47 - 00:58:49)


Well, I hope you, I hope, I hope you got some nuggets.


Josh (00:58:49 - 00:59:09)


So genuinely the sign of a great. Of a great conversation. So thank you. I have one last question. I don't know if you have any other sort of things or even, even you, em, if you've got anything that's also on your mind, but if you have one bit of kind of advice to give to, I know, let's say the CEO of Virgin Hotels, right? You know, as thinking about the future, what would you say?


RAY-Participant 1 (00:59:13 - 00:59:14)


Is it Raul?


Josh (00:59:15 - 00:59:16)


I don't know.


RAY-Participant 1 (00:59:16 - 00:59:16)


Oh, okay.


Josh (00:59:17 - 00:59:21)


I'm thinking hypothetical version. CEO? Any particular individual?


RAY-Participant 1 (00:59:21 - 00:59:30)


Well, I think what I said earlier, you have permission to go explore, but always know your way back to the ethos.


Josh (00:59:31 - 00:59:35)


Yeah, yeah, that's like that. Don't forget what makes you Virgin


RAY-Participant 1 (00:59:35 - 00:59:35)


Right?


Josh (00:59:37 - 00:59:40)


Hey, but if you've got any other questions or thoughts or.


Eva (00:59:40 - 00:59:54)


All good. For me, conscious of time, it has been really enriching and I got really, really interesting and vivid images on my head of, you know, what was like for you, some of the things you described. So thank you.


RAY-Participant 1 (00:59:54 - 00:59:56)


Thank you. I appreciate the timing.


Josh (00:59:56 - 00:59:57)


Where's your next trip?


RAY-Participant 1 (00:59:58 - 01:00:00)


Puerto Vallarta, Mexico.


Josh (01:00:00 - 01:00:00)


Oh, great.


Eva (01:00:01 - 01:00:01)


Next week?


RAY-Participant 1 (01:00:02 - 01:00:04)


Yeah, next week. Yes. I'm so excited.


Josh (01:00:04 - 01:00:05)


So good.


RAY-Participant 1 (01:00:05 - 01:00:06)


Brilliant.


Josh (01:00:06 - 01:00:09)


Well, thank you so much. Have a great day. Enjoy the rest of your day and really appreciate your time.


RAY-Participant 1 (01:00:09 - 01:00:11)


Appreciate it. Thanks so much. Nice to meet you. Take care.


Eva (01:00:12 - 01:00:13)


Bye.
