Elliot

Eva (00:00:05 - 00:00:40)


Don't watch and I will move from here to the desk. It's just a bit cold in here. All right, Are you ready? Let me record starting. I didn't. Did we start the recording on the other one? I can't remember.


Chad (00:00:40 - 00:00:42)


I think so, yeah. I think I saw it up there.


Eva (00:00:45 - 00:00:49)


There we go. So let's just invite Elliotip. Elliot.


PHI-Participant 1 (00:00:56 - 00:00:56)


Oh.


Eva (00:00:59 - 00:01:00)


You leave.


PHI-Participant 1 (00:01:01 - 00:01:01)


No.


Chad (00:01:05 - 00:01:07)


Oh, there we go.


Eva (00:01:07 - 00:01:08)


Hi.


PHI-Participant 1 (00:01:09 - 00:01:10)


Hi. Okay.


Eva (00:01:10 - 00:01:12)


Hello. How are you?


PHI-Participant 1 (00:01:12 - 00:01:14)


Yeah, I'm good, thank you. How are you?


Eva (00:01:15 - 00:01:16)


Very good. Where are you based?


PHI-Participant 1 (00:01:16 - 00:01:17)


Blackpool.


Eva (00:01:18 - 00:01:28)


Well, good afternoon to you. We've been talking to people in the US and the uk so you never know. Like good morning, good afternoon, There you go.


PHI-Participant 1 (00:01:29 - 00:01:31)


Does that mean you have to do things at all different times of the day then?


Eva (00:01:31 - 00:02:59)


Yes, exactly. Sometimes very, very late, but all good. Well, it's great to talking to you. I'm Eva and my colleague Chad. We both work for a company called The Hidden Strategy We do research and strategy and Acme is our client. We are doing a little project to understand better the experience of people of Harborline Hotels, whether they have stayed there or not and their experience in hotels generally. You got selected because you, you have some attachment to Acme and today we would like to talk to you about you, your experiences. We're going to walk you through different topics but it is a very casual, laid back conversation. No right or wrong answer. We don't work for Acme so you can openly talk about anything that you would like to share. So and that is the plan for today. I will be leading the conversation. My colleague Chad is going to take some notes and ask questions. We have different backgrounds so we, we focus on different things and before we kick off I want to know if you have any questions for us.


PHI-Participant 1 (00:02:59 - 00:03:08)


No, I don't, I don't think so. No, I think it's. They've made it pretty clear on the email sent through from the Inner circle group. So. No, I don't think so.


Eva (00:03:09 - 00:03:28)


Great, very good. So let's start with, with you. Like tell us who you are, what you do. Yeah, tell us, tell us you and your trips and everything. Everything you want for now.


PHI-Participant 1 (00:03:28 - 00:04:11)


Right, so obviously my name's Elliot, I'm a secondary school teacher, teach computing in Blackpool and have been here 18 years. So I was born in Blackpool, went to Manchester University and then came back to the joys of Blackpool and I've enjoyed it. One of the good things about teaching is that we do get opportunities for vacation. So plenty of times trips away though it is, tends to be more expensive in school holidays. There's Only myself, my partner. So we don't have a family, so it's just the two of us. So we do like to get away and to try to enjoy ourselves and try to see as much. Much of the world as possible, really.


Eva (00:04:13 - 00:04:15)


Where was your last. Your last trip?


PHI-Participant 1 (00:04:15 - 00:04:44)


Well, actually, the last trip we had a friend, myself, my partner and a friend at work. So the three of us work in the same, same school, and we'd been saving up for quite a while, just. Just a small amount of money each month. And it was my 40th, a friend's 50th, and his and my partner's 40th next year. So we're like, right, okay, we'll do it. So we went to Acme and we booked. We did 10 days in Jamaica in the summer and followed by five days in New York.


Eva (00:04:45 - 00:04:45)


Nice.


PHI-Participant 1 (00:04:45 - 00:04:52)


Yeah, it was lovely. Seems a world away with the ice and cold and stuff we've had this week, but, yeah, when was it?


Eva (00:04:52 - 00:04:53)


What month?


PHI-Participant 1 (00:04:53 - 00:04:53)


August.


Eva (00:04:54 - 00:04:55)


Oh, brilliant.


PHI-Participant 1 (00:04:55 - 00:05:06)


Yeah, yeah. The weather was superb. Strangely, New York was hotter than Jamaica as well. So we got to New York and was like, as we're walking around, but yeah. Oh, my gosh.


Chad (00:05:06 - 00:05:07)


That's about right.


PHI-Participant 1 (00:05:07 - 00:05:07)


Yeah.


Eva (00:05:07 - 00:05:15)


Divine. That's really, really, really cool. And when you normally do you travel, is it for work?


PHI-Participant 1 (00:05:16 - 00:05:22)


No, no, I only live about five miles, so I don't travel much at all.


Eva (00:05:22 - 00:05:26)


Not. Not truly travel. So the core of what you do is leisure?


PHI-Participant 1 (00:05:27 - 00:05:27)


Yeah.


Eva (00:05:27 - 00:05:28)


Okay, great.


PHI-Participant 1 (00:05:28 - 00:05:31)


Before, we're not allowed out of school, really.


Eva (00:05:31 - 00:05:44)


I know, I know. You have to keep children, you know, focused and learning before. Jamaica, New York. What, what. What was a trip previous that.


PHI-Participant 1 (00:05:45 - 00:06:08)


So the year before I. It was my 40th the year before, and I'd always wanted to do a bit of a train. A train trip. So local station to us is near Blackpool, so went down to London and then did 14 days from London all the way through to Rome. So different stops, different places, interrailing that way.


Eva (00:06:09 - 00:06:10)


Nice.


PHI-Participant 1 (00:06:10 - 00:06:16)


Yeah, it was really, really nice. It's something I've always wanted to do. So it was seeing that opportunity. Yeah, that worked out great.


Eva (00:06:17 - 00:06:32)


Sounds amazing. So what is your kind of approach to accommodation when you're traveling? So do you normally stay in hotels? Do you do a combination of hotels, friends or camping or Airbnb?


PHI-Participant 1 (00:06:33 - 00:06:41)


95%, I'd say hotels where we'd look to kind of like your Airbnbs. Because it's only normally myself, my partner, it just doesn't work.


Eva (00:06:41 - 00:06:42)


Yeah.


PHI-Participant 1 (00:06:42 - 00:06:53)


Work out. So for us, as two people, we tend just to just to go to hotels, it's just easy that way. It's just a place to lay our head at the night and just enjoy things that way.


Eva (00:06:53 - 00:07:05)


Yeah. So what has been the most incredible experience in a hotel that you've had? The most memorable for the good reasons that you've had. When was it? Where was it.


PHI-Participant 1 (00:07:08 - 00:08:11)


In Europe? We've stayed at a really nice brand, I think they're called 25 Hours Hotel. Stayed there. We stayed there in Hamburg, in Munich. And they're really quite quirky. So they have like a theme and they set them out that way and we quite like just going in and even the gym's done up in the same theme. So there's a lot of investment and research done and stuff like that. So we quite like those. To be fair. This summer we stayed at a resort, the Grand Palladium in Jamaica. And that was. That really was fabulous. It was quite a big resort for things that I've done before, but it just had. Had everything that we were looking for. I quite like to be able to venture outside, but we're advised really in Jamaica it's not always advisable to be going outside. So I think it's big enough to incorporate everything that. That meets your needs still. We also stayed at Tempo by Hilton hotel in Times Square. And just the location of that was just. It's just phenomenal that you just opened the door and out you were in the location for it.


Eva (00:08:11 - 00:08:15)


Amazing. Sounds brilliant. Tell me more about it.


PHI-Participant 1 (00:08:15 - 00:08:20)


I feel like I'm just like, oh, this is what I've done, this is what I've done. So sorry if it's coming across that way.


Chad (00:08:20 - 00:08:26)


No, this is what we're looking for, man. We're looking to figure out why people stay in the place they stay. So it's exciting.


Eva (00:08:27 - 00:08:45)


Yeah. I would like to hear more about your experience in Jamaica besides like what you could do inside of the hotel without leaving outside. Was there something exceptional or particularly memorable for you, like the service or the design of the place?


PHI-Participant 1 (00:08:45 - 00:09:33)


You know, that might be a cultural item that the Jamaican people. It's obviously down to their recruitment and training as well. But the people, there were just people's opinion of Jamaicans being laid back and friendly. It was absolutely everything. And whether that is, I say training or. Or that's just genuine the people that they are, I'm not sure within their different to Europe hotels. So if you go to like a resort here, you might be limited to. You can only visit this restaurant once on an all inclusive or it was full carte blanche, so you could book everything. So there was no limit of going to the state restaurant or the Asian restaurant. So we found that was so flexible for us. Slight downside that you had to book it on the app.


Eva (00:09:34 - 00:09:34)


Yeah.


PHI-Participant 1 (00:09:34 - 00:10:15)


So after maybe the first or second day, you're realizing if we don't book, we're not going to get into the place that we want. And. And then all of a sudden you were looking down your nose at the buffet hall because you've had these phenomenal restaurants. So the, the food, the food and stuff was just out of this world there. The pools, everything was good enough. There was more than enough sun lounges and sunbeds. And that's an issue that we have had previously being summer holidays. So you tend to go to places at peak time, but there was never an issue of trying to get a lounger and stuff there. I don't know whether that's in Europe, a bit more crowded. The resorts are a bit smaller. There's probably that argument in there as well.


Eva (00:10:17 - 00:10:36)


Okay, very good. And how did you come across those hotels? Guide us through, like the process in which you were exploring and, you know, planning for the trip and, you know, how. How did it happen that you landed on those choices?


PHI-Participant 1 (00:10:36 - 00:11:58)


So the whole picture of it, we saved several years and we're like, right, we'll have a day where we'll go to. Went to Manchester. We booked a few. We booked at Quality. The travel agents, we'd gone there and they, they drew us up a package. And then after there, we went to Acme. We did trail finders. We tried to have a look at stuff ourselves. And it was Acme that recommended that and just really, really helpful. But to be fair, so was Crony. But he said theirs was maybe just a bit out of our price bracket or we could access it, but it was four days less and we were just like, well, what to try to make the most of time. So when we went in there, the sales rep, Adam, I think he was called, was just. We were pretty useless as well. We were like, we've got this money, where can you take us? Kind of thing. And it's so travel agents nightmare because he just got three. Three lemons, sat in front of you with no idea. So he was like, right, well, do you want to do this place? Do you want to do that? And he slowly was able to. To extract from us what we were looking for and then started putting ideas that way then. Then set quotes sent over. Before we did it, we did bits of research. TripAdvisor and etc. And then we went from there.


Eva (00:11:59 - 00:12:08)


So you were given some choices and did you have any say on hotels? Did you narrow it on few options?


PHI-Participant 1 (00:12:08 - 00:12:23)


Yep. Yeah, it did narrow on a few options. So we were provided with like a short list of different ones on the downside. So this one we picked, we were told there was like an adults only area.


Eva (00:12:24 - 00:12:24)


Yeah.


PHI-Participant 1 (00:12:25 - 00:12:44)


And as teachers, we were like, right, well that's, that's great. That's what we're looking for. And then the hotel changed its policy. So after booking, they did change the policy and said the adults only is now an extra charge. I think it was something like 90 a day each per day. So that was a downside, just having that. But I know these frustrations happen.


Eva (00:12:46 - 00:12:47)


Yeah, yeah.


PHI-Participant 1 (00:12:47 - 00:12:54)


Acme did react to that and compensated us on different parts. So they kind of met us in the middle of that part, which we were happy with.


Eva (00:12:55 - 00:13:09)


That's good. And what actually influenced you? So if non adult, like adult only area was one of the criteria, any other things that you thought influenced your choices?


PHI-Participant 1 (00:13:09 - 00:13:25)


I think probably TripAdvisor was the most. We're just going through location. Not, not so much for Jamaica because none of us had any experience of Jamaica. So we didn't know too much about that. When it came to New York. We were looking and we were like, right, well, Times Square seems to be.


Eva (00:13:25 - 00:13:25)


Yeah.


PHI-Participant 1 (00:13:26 - 00:13:37)


And you know, such a central place. And you just looked at the photos. It was literally, you look at the. And you're looking on the square. So I suppose, yeah, TripAdvisor was. Was the biggest draw for us.


Eva (00:13:38 - 00:13:41)


And were you reading the reviews or.


PHI-Participant 1 (00:13:41 - 00:13:58)


Yeah, reading reviews. Attend. The problem with reviews, obviously you. You've drawn to what. What people negatively saying. And I felt that there was quite a lot. As I then drew more into the Jamaica one, I was finding that people were being quite negative.


Eva (00:13:58 - 00:13:59)


Yeah.


PHI-Participant 1 (00:13:59 - 00:14:02)


And we didn't. We didn't really find that at all. What people were complaining.


Eva (00:14:03 - 00:14:04)


Yeah.


PHI-Participant 1 (00:14:04 - 00:14:27)


Everyone has different views, don't they? I think some people's standards, maybe I've got lower standards, but yeah, yeah. What people would. Because then you can spend so long on TripAdvisor that, that you're looking at. And then you're going, oh. And that person said, there's a noisy second floor. And then. And before you know it, you talk yourself out of these things. But we didn't. Yeah, we didn't find that it was a problem at all. Where some people say negative.


Eva (00:14:29 - 00:14:37)


And for the hotel in New York, you mentioned location was something very important. Were There other considerations.


PHI-Participant 1 (00:14:39 - 00:14:54)


It was quite a modern hotel as well. So I think it's been recently done up or recently acquired. So it looked. So again all the photos it was looking sparkling. It wasn't dated. Very, very modern in aesthetics. It was a modern design as well.


Eva (00:14:54 - 00:14:54)


Yeah.


PHI-Participant 1 (00:14:55 - 00:15:02)


Of course in comparison to Jamaica the rooms are considerably smaller. You're not going to get the same square footage as what you're going to get.


Eva (00:15:02 - 00:15:03)


Yeah.


PHI-Participant 1 (00:15:03 - 00:15:20)


In the Caribbean. But you know, it was acceptable for what? At no point did we think what our budget was were we going to have full suites. So yeah, modern location. It's got the Hilton reputation as well. So that's a positive.


Eva (00:15:21 - 00:15:38)


Are there other brands or chains or that you feel. Yeah. Reassured by or that you choose regularly for your trips. Are you loyal to any brand of hotels?


PHI-Participant 1 (00:15:39 - 00:15:53)


I wouldn't say I am particularly. No. I tend to. If I'm looking for booking I look a certain standard and then I'll just do a bit of due diligence of research what reviews saying yeah, walk me.


Eva (00:15:53 - 00:15:56)


Through that standard, what that standard is for you.


PHI-Participant 1 (00:15:59 - 00:16:39)


So if I look in. So I'm trying to think because we're booking to go away actually this summer to go to San Francisco and Las Vegas. Yeah. So I started to look at different hotels and then it's right, well these look really good looking location particularly Vegas because I've been before. So route it's on the Strip. Why are some considered. They look incredible. They're giving equal reviews. Very similar. Why is it considerably, considerably cheaper? So what's. And. And then I'll start digging into stuff that way. So I don't tend to do anything quite quickly. I might spend quite a while researching before I make a commitment to anything.


Eva (00:16:40 - 00:16:40)


Okay.


PHI-Participant 1 (00:16:40 - 00:16:47)


Which has cost sometimes because sometimes you then go back a couple of days later because you've done a bit more and then prices have all changed.


Eva (00:16:48 - 00:16:57)


Are there any other things like points or something like that? But I, I don't know. Like is it important for you?


PHI-Participant 1 (00:16:57 - 00:17:20)


Yeah. So we used to use a lot hotels.com used to have. I don't know whether it's a UK based system. They used to have you book 10 nights, you got one night three. So we often use hotel system but there I think the part of Expedia and theirs has changed. We don't find it there loyalty system is. It's an absolute fraction of what it used to be.


Eva (00:17:20 - 00:17:21)


Yeah.


PHI-Participant 1 (00:17:21 - 00:17:51)


So that's. That's made me look further afield. I didn't really ever go further than hotels.com which I suppose is why I'm not particularly loyal for one brand of hotel. Because I was, you know, using hotels.com, i have started accruing my Acme points. So when I was looking at Vegas, starting to look at. Because I've got a hotel in Las Vegas. Sorry, Acme. Did I say Acme? Then Harborline Hotel is in Las Vegas. So I started looking at that at that point.


Eva (00:17:53 - 00:17:54)


Got it.


Chad (00:17:54 - 00:18:00)


Are you guys so interesting. Are you. Are you looking at the Harborline Hotel for Vegas? Is that on the radar?


PHI-Participant 1 (00:18:00 - 00:18:07)


Yeah, very much so. The downside locations doesn't. Sorry, I've interrupted you then, Chad.


Chad (00:18:07 - 00:18:11)


No, opposite. I interrupt you. Talk us through that a little bit.


PHI-Participant 1 (00:18:12 - 00:19:09)


So down onto the Acme Rewards app, you can. I think it's five for every five dollars. Five points for every five points for every dollar spent. So I'm Right. Okay. Well, that's. That's quite considerable. The price point of that hotel kind of matches. So where I'm looking at. So we're looking at it. It's recently renovated. Looks really nice. Really nice resort outside. So. Well, because we're going in the summer wanting it to be. Although, yeah, this might be a bit too hot for me. So I want it to be clean, tidy, modern. But that. Then that point system does then edge. Right, we'll have this now there. I've seen some on the Strip and now that the dilemma is, do I go with one that's slightly further afar in the Harborline Hotel that looks really modern and accrue my points, or do I go more central? So it's kind of. It's allowing that extra argument of which choice do I make?


Chad (00:19:10 - 00:19:18)


And is that decision really based on that location or could something. Could Acme have something in the hotel that would push that over?


PHI-Participant 1 (00:19:20 - 00:19:26)


The restaurants seem very good, but I mean, Las Vegas, I'd imagine the restaurants.


Chad (00:19:26 - 00:19:30)


Are all great restaurants. Yeah, yeah, 100%.


Eva (00:19:31 - 00:19:32)


Okay.


Chad (00:19:34 - 00:19:39)


So sorry, did you. Are you into F1 at all?


PHI-Participant 1 (00:19:40 - 00:19:45)


No, because I know that hotel has particularly a view for that, doesn't it? Yeah, yeah.


Chad (00:19:46 - 00:19:54)


So interested if. If events or other things that are associated with the hotel come into play for you at all in a sense of where I might want to stay.


PHI-Participant 1 (00:19:54 - 00:20:21)


Yeah, I know that. I think that one of the sporting arenas is close by now. I do like to, when I'm away trying to catch some sports. So that's. That is something that I lean to as well. My partner doesn't often agree with that. So sometimes a decision is made and then I drop that in after and said, oh, look. And whilst we're here, it's close by. I know that that particular hotel just off the Strip is close to some of the. One of the teams in Vegas. So that's also a poll too.


Eva (00:20:21 - 00:20:53)


Yeah, thank you. So you have a hotel booked, you have a trip. This is hypothetical what happens for you after. And especially I'm interested in, you know, what happens between you have a hotel booked and your trip starting. What is your. I mean how much and what types of things do you do, if anything or you're quite chilled and you just figure it out when. Once you get there.


PHI-Participant 1 (00:20:54 - 00:20:56)


For my actual. The trip itself.


Eva (00:20:56 - 00:20:57)


Yeah.


PHI-Participant 1 (00:20:57 - 00:21:06)


I tend to do quite a lot of research in local areas. So I suppose you could look at this summer. So I've never been to San Francisco before.


Eva (00:21:07 - 00:21:07)


Yeah.


PHI-Participant 1 (00:21:07 - 00:22:11)


So start. I've already started. That's in August. But I've already started to get some preliminary ideas. I've started to use a bit of AI as well, saying this is the type of things I like to. I like to be active. I like to put in that. So suggesting that. And that giving some areas of where amount best located, what's good to walk to, what's good to do a bit of exercise around that area. So I go for a bit of research that way and then just generally you can just see just different reviews. But I have used for the first time this. Well, actually, no, last year in New York I used a bit of AI as well. I'd been to New York before maybe 10 years ago and I wanted to actually to try to do stuff that wasn't. Although I said I stayed in Times Square, that wasn't the most common things. So I've done going up the Rockefeller, going up Empire State and the Statue of Liberty. So I used AI to say, right, take me to somewhere that's slightly different. So I do like to do research before I turn up to anywhere. It's not just a case of on the. On the cuff as I get to places unless I know. Unless I know the location.


Chad (00:22:12 - 00:22:16)


I was going to say Elliot, if I did not if I heard you correct. You're a computer science teacher, right?


PHI-Participant 1 (00:22:16 - 00:22:18)


I am, yes. Yeah.


Chad (00:22:18 - 00:22:20)


You should be all over this AI thing.


PHI-Participant 1 (00:22:20 - 00:22:30)


Yeah. Yeah. And I suppose that's what it is. It's. But the first time you do it, it's am I trusting this? And actually for New York it was superb. Yeah, it really was.


Chad (00:22:30 - 00:23:05)


Yeah. So I'm curious about that. Let's. I want to. I want to scratch at that a little bit. In your research you do tend to be a bit of a researcher And a planner with some of this stuff. There was kind of pre AI days and now AI what has that, what has that switch been for you? What kind of, what kind of different questions are you asking with AI that are helping you out in ways that you couldn't do prior to. And why are those questions more important, are not more important? Why are those questions illuminating for you in a way that otherwise you, you didn't have the ability to capture that kind of research prior to.


PHI-Participant 1 (00:23:05 - 00:23:51)


I suppose on this particular. If I look back to last year, the ability just to say. And obviously AI is key with prompts, but the ability to say, look, I have visited the main spots. Please don't recommend the Statue of Liberty, as wonderful as it is, please recommend some of the other boroughs. So anything that used. If you go onto a search and you go into Google and put New York in a day, New York two days, you're. You are going to get the main attractions, of course, because that's what the vast majority of people say. So I think AI just by saying I wanted to. I've done these specific items. I don't want these in there. Maybe a bit off, off the beat. It was brilliant to give me recommendations that maybe were not. You wouldn't find particularly easy to research.


Chad (00:23:52 - 00:24:03)


Yeah, agreed. And then normally would you have done that through word of mouth with friends and family? I traveled or potentially in conversations with the hotel chain or the concierge. Like how did that, how did that.


PHI-Participant 1 (00:24:04 - 00:24:33)


I've never, I've never actually asked a concierge about recommendations, word of mouth. But then if I look at when we did a trip of Europe the other year, going to places that were not predominantly visited. So if you go to uk, if we went to places in Italy, places in Germany that a lot of people in this country wouldn't have been. Been to my biggest point would tended to always be Lonely Planet Books. Yeah.


Chad (00:24:34 - 00:24:34)


Interesting.


PHI-Participant 1 (00:24:35 - 00:24:44)


So Lonely Planet books give, you know, best. Best things that may not always be the biggest things that people Visit straight away. Yeah. 100.


Eva (00:24:46 - 00:24:48)


Why not trusting the concierge.


PHI-Participant 1 (00:24:49 - 00:24:54)


Yeah. I don't, I don't know. I, it's just.


Eva (00:24:56 - 00:24:57)


I don't think I.


PHI-Participant 1 (00:24:57 - 00:25:06)


Spend much time in hotel receptions to actually to go, to speak to anyone to do and you should do because these are people with so much experience of that local area.


Eva (00:25:06 - 00:25:06)


Yeah.


PHI-Participant 1 (00:25:08 - 00:25:15)


Do I think that they know what I particularly want? I don't, I, I don't know. I couldn't, I couldn't nail that on the head. But I, I never have done.


Eva (00:25:15 - 00:25:33)


Okay. And Another question is, have you had an experience where hotels help you to do that research? Right. Like proactively send you tips or, you know, like information about.


PHI-Participant 1 (00:25:34 - 00:25:43)


Yeah. So things like restaurants. I've been to Asia before and. And being in Asia was. Is quite difficult with language barriers.


Eva (00:25:43 - 00:25:44)


Yeah.


PHI-Participant 1 (00:25:44 - 00:26:06)


So maybe they say this is using concierge. So just asking people recommendation tips in the local area walking distance and obviously a map will come out. Might have long quite a while since I went to Asia maybe 10 years ago. So I wouldn't have any. Had data at that point on your phone. So you're back to paper maps and left and right kind of stuff. So I certainly have asked for recommendations, but.


Eva (00:26:08 - 00:26:08)


Okay.


PHI-Participant 1 (00:26:09 - 00:26:16)


I think in Europe there's. I tend to just rely on technology in my. On my person really to find stuff.


Chad (00:26:17 - 00:26:41)


So hypothetical question then. If you're you. You booked. You guys booked fairly far in advance, if in. In between that period of time, say the. The hotel sent you almost your own little customized version of A Lonely Planet or the time you're. For the three weeks that you're going to be there, is that something that would be of interest and use?


PHI-Participant 1 (00:26:41 - 00:27:13)


Absolutely, yeah. And even if you didn't take up on it, if it's a place, I don't know, San Francisco, I mean I've never. As I've never been. It's a lovely benchmark and a lovely starting point. I've never been there. And of course someone will say the Golden Gate Bridge, but then they might say if it was broken down to different kind of activities for the. For fitness enthusiasts, for someone who's wanting to taste wine in the local region. Yeah, definitely that would be a great help. And of course what you're going to.


Chad (00:27:13 - 00:27:16)


Do in August is going to be very different than what you'd want to do in say, November.


PHI-Participant 1 (00:27:16 - 00:27:28)


So. Yeah, but there's an investment by a hotel to do to come up with something like that, isn't there? But digitally, you know, once you. Although maybe they could use AI to try to try to help you with that.


Eva (00:27:30 - 00:27:36)


Okay. Are there any things in particular that you enjoy, really you enjoy doing at.


PHI-Participant 1 (00:27:36 - 00:27:40)


A hotel in general, within a hotel?


Eva (00:27:40 - 00:27:41)


Yeah.


PHI-Participant 1 (00:27:44 - 00:28:18)


If it's not a resort, I will use the gym normally. So I do like to have quite a nice gym. Yeah, I might call into the bar, but I don't particularly like using hotel restaurants. We like to think if we can walk out, we like to try to sample local areas. I find I can find hotel restaurants a bit stuffy and a bit sterile. So I like to try to dip my feet in the local area. Really? Yeah, I know that's a lot of people do like to do it, but we do try to like to get out and about.


Eva (00:28:19 - 00:28:29)


And you. Is there anything that you do that you don't normally do at home? Like little indulgences or different habits or rituals?


PHI-Participant 1 (00:28:30 - 00:28:37)


I might, I might use the spa facilities, might massage and I never really do that here, so I might dip into that. But that's.


Eva (00:28:38 - 00:28:39)


Yeah, okay.


PHI-Participant 1 (00:28:39 - 00:28:40)


Infrequent.


Eva (00:28:41 - 00:28:42)


Sounds good.


PHI-Participant 1 (00:28:43 - 00:28:49)


Yeah. I'm a person that just stays. Stays in a nice place in a nice location and then. But I do like to get out and about.


Chad (00:28:50 - 00:29:10)


We're kind of curious about. There's Elliot the teacher in Blackpool and then there's the. The hotel. Elliot, does that personality shift a little bit? Are you a little bit more. A little bit more reclusive? Are you a little bit more outgoing? Does the hotel or that trip give you a little license to kind of maybe play a different role for a period of time? And if so, what is that?


PHI-Participant 1 (00:29:11 - 00:29:47)


I wonder if probably is Elliot a teacher? If I'm in a location for let's say four nights, I like to try to nail off, scratch off as much as that local map as I possibly can. So I am out and about early. I might pop back in the afternoon depending if I do need a freshen up and then I like to get out. So I'm very active when I'm staying in a place I know other people might like to. When we were in New York, we were with another couple and they didn't see that much of us because they wanted to stay in the hotel. They love the hotel, love the sites and quite a different guest to that.


Eva (00:29:49 - 00:30:14)


Okay. Anything that you can think of that make you stay really, really good and yeah, like how do you feel in the hotel or feeling at ease or feeling really great and have you find like, you know what these things are consistently across all the places where you've stayed.


PHI-Participant 1 (00:30:21 - 00:31:09)


When I think to Jamaica, the staff there were so exceptional. Yeah, so friendly. But there's. Because of it in a resort and maybe it's location, the ratio of staff is pretty high to people. So. So you're constantly being looked after in cities. It tends not to be like that. So New York is kind of. There's maybe three or four people on the reception. So sometimes you're queuing, which I'm always fine with that to try to make something exceptional. I do like the people, I like the people that I speak to. I really like quite Clean, crisp. But. Well, it can be traditional. But I do like it to be very aesthetic, so really nice. Yeah. On the eyes, clean and tidy. So the housekeeping is pretty important. I do like to come back and everything's spot on.


Eva (00:31:09 - 00:31:09)


Yeah.


PHI-Participant 1 (00:31:09 - 00:31:15)


Like coming back and not finding that anything's been touched, touches and cleaned.


Eva (00:31:18 - 00:31:19)


Yeah. Okay.


PHI-Participant 1 (00:31:20 - 00:31:44)


Even when. Now if it comes to when I do get back. So multimedia, so speakers, the ability to log into my own Netflix, Spotify, that kind of stuff. And I find that not all hotels I get to at that point yet if I'm abroad, WI fi should be given. But yeah, I don't know if that's really on the exceptional side, but it doesn't always happen either.


Eva (00:31:48 - 00:31:51)


True, true. Multimedia is an interesting one.


PHI-Participant 1 (00:31:53 - 00:32:15)


Although I have had an experience. I stayed in Scotland and I'd signed into Netflix and I suppose it depends whether what TV settings I found. I kept thinking someone watched what someone watching on my Netflix. This is not. This is. This is messing my algorithm up. So I. Then I realized that this TV I'd let. I'd left logged in and people were just quite happily watching whatever they wanted every time.


Eva (00:32:15 - 00:32:25)


Oh, yeah, it happens time. And I'm one of those persons like, oh, there's a new Netflix. Let's see what it recommends. I like the variety of things that I will not normally get are recommended.


PHI-Participant 1 (00:32:25 - 00:32:28)


In my fishing in Scotland, I seem to remember, kept coming up.


Eva (00:32:33 - 00:32:44)


Similarly. So things that you like or that are important for you are things that for you are deal breakers. Right. Like that really can spoil your experience.


PHI-Participant 1 (00:32:45 - 00:32:51)


I am a stickler for some noise, so if I don't sleep or doors banging.


Eva (00:32:51 - 00:32:52)


Yeah.


PHI-Participant 1 (00:32:52 - 00:33:31)


And that's the kind of research that I will have touched on as well. So I will look through for noise. I am a bit of a light sleeper, so I don't want to wake up, although I probably will have had a few drinks by the time. So I do tend to sleep quite well. But I don't want to wake up early, really early doors. The housekeeping is. Is one that I do find. So if I come back and I do love to open the door and to see are the rooms perfectly ready to go if it hasn't been touched. Which I found has been an issue in the uk particularly maybe since Pandemic, there's been a shortage of staff. So that's. That's been ongoing. Scruffy. So if some of the hotels are tired and scruffy.


Eva (00:33:31 - 00:33:33)


Yeah, yeah, yeah, definitely.


PHI-Participant 1 (00:33:34 - 00:33:42)


I suppose that they're the kind of standards that everyone. Yeah, you don't want do if you can avoid it.


Eva (00:33:43 - 00:33:45)


Okay, sounds good.


PHI-Participant 1 (00:33:45 - 00:34:11)


And just, just thinking of that one. When I was looking at the, the Harborline Hotel in Las Vegas, some of the reviews are saying about the immediate area outside of the hotel and some of the people, questionable people that linger around outside. So that, that's kind of thing in a foreign place. So what. What a hotel can't affect is what's on its doorstep. But it can be put you off.


Eva (00:34:12 - 00:34:15)


Mainly from the safe safety perspective.


PHI-Participant 1 (00:34:15 - 00:34:16)


Yeah.


Eva (00:34:16 - 00:34:16)


Yeah.


PHI-Participant 1 (00:34:17 - 00:34:18)


If you're in a. Particularly in a foreign country.


Eva (00:34:19 - 00:34:38)


Yeah. You don't really know how much it's okay. How safe it could be. Very good. What is. Do you have like a view or a preference for number stars of the hotels that you stay? So what would you say it is? You note your average.


PHI-Participant 1 (00:34:38 - 00:34:41)


You know, I tend to always go to a minimum of four.


Eva (00:34:41 - 00:34:42)


Yeah.


PHI-Participant 1 (00:34:42 - 00:34:45)


So I'm not, certainly not always five star. So a minimum of four.


Eva (00:34:46 - 00:34:57)


Okay. So why four? Explain to us like what, what will be the difference between three or two and four?


PHI-Participant 1 (00:34:58 - 00:35:48)


Maybe, maybe previous experience and times going away. And I'm like, right, well this is, I can see why this is a three and this is a four. So I like to put my memorial there. So this, this sounds a bit judgmental. It might also be some of the other clientele in the hotel. And I think. Right, okay. And that does sound terrible. I appreciate that does sound. So finding a level that an equilibrium that you think is okay in all settings. Bathrooms, clean public areas. Yeah, four can be. I'm very mindful that I've been to Tenerife before and four star in Spain is maybe not what I deem four star. So. So, so then it's kind of being aware of stuff that way, which is why you research.


Eva (00:35:49 - 00:35:53)


Yeah. And what do you mean by that? Isn't is it better in Spain? Is it worse?


PHI-Participant 1 (00:35:55 - 00:35:56)


I tend to think it's worse.


Eva (00:35:58 - 00:36:03)


So a four star in a four stars in Spain is equal to a three stars somewhere else?


PHI-Participant 1 (00:36:03 - 00:36:05)


I would say so, yeah.


Eva (00:36:05 - 00:36:05)


Okay.


PHI-Participant 1 (00:36:07 - 00:36:14)


And reviews will often hint at that as well. Saying, suggesting that they're not what people would deem to be four star.


Eva (00:36:15 - 00:36:24)


Some inconsistencies. Okay. Are there any brands or any hotels that you would love to visit?


PHI-Participant 1 (00:36:30 - 00:36:32)


No, I don't think so.


Eva (00:36:32 - 00:36:32)


Yeah.


Chad (00:36:32 - 00:36:38)


Is a hotel for you just a place to stay and then you're out and about or is a hotel. Yeah, pretty much.


PHI-Participant 1 (00:36:41 - 00:37:05)


If it is a city break, which I often do, then pretty much. So, yeah. I mean I, I can fall in love with some when I've been there. As I said before, the I want to have looked for, active look for in Europe is the 25 hour ones. And, and I love just walking around them and just taking them in and seeing what they've done, but I won't spend hours inside it. Right.


Eva (00:37:06 - 00:37:07)


Yeah.


Chad (00:37:07 - 00:37:15)


So kind of interesting. So if, if a whole of a hotel brand had a magic wand and they could do something.


PHI-Participant 1 (00:37:18 - 00:37:19)


Would there be.


Chad (00:37:19 - 00:37:31)


Anything that would go okay, that would actually make it a little bit more special and I might want to, I might want to focus on seeking out that type of a hotel experience as opposed to. It's just a place to lay my head so I can go out and, and see the space.


PHI-Participant 1 (00:37:32 - 00:37:53)


I do really love the design of some inside, but I couldn't nail on what it is. Yeah. So some I can walk in and just go, wow, this, you know, it's phenomenal. And it can be in a small space, large space. It's not, it's not about the size of the hotel, it's just what, what someone's done with the interior design, the whole furnishings that match. So I do really like that side.


Chad (00:37:55 - 00:38:07)


What if it was bringing the outside inside? What if it was a conduit to bringing the local community and an ability to sort of touch and feel and smell what a place in a space is like.


PHI-Participant 1 (00:38:08 - 00:38:11)


Sorry, Chad, can you just dig into that? I'm not sure.


Chad (00:38:11 - 00:38:18)


Yeah, so a hotel can be a place just to stay and you can almost feel like it's a wonderful, protective little island in its own sprite.


PHI-Participant 1 (00:38:18 - 00:38:19)


Yeah.


Chad (00:38:19 - 00:38:29)


Or it can be a corridor to a local community and it can expose what that local community is about and bring and emphasize that local community in terms of its art, its music, its history.


PHI-Participant 1 (00:38:29 - 00:38:31)


Yeah, absolutely. Yeah, absolutely.


Chad (00:38:33 - 00:38:36)


Like, it sounds like the Jamaica one was a great, like it's an island in and of itself.


PHI-Participant 1 (00:38:36 - 00:38:37)


Yes, fantastic.


Chad (00:38:37 - 00:38:46)


And everybody enjoyed that. But you could also flip that on its head where it's, it's an open sort of engagement space for, for whatever.


PHI-Participant 1 (00:38:46 - 00:39:11)


That community discovery of, of that local place. Yeah, no, I, I absolutely take that and I do like to do it. And one of the downsides I do find of modern hotels is that you can go to a hotel and live in space. In London you can go to that same hotel, let's say Beijing, and they can be quite similar. So I do like to have that if you can. They're not always, but that local identity on items as well.


Eva (00:39:12 - 00:39:24)


Okay, great. A bit of a wild question. Does the term lifestyle hotels mean anything to you?


PHI-Participant 1 (00:39:27 - 00:39:43)


Yes, I wouldn't be able to nail it. I presume like almost like a certain retreat might be. So it might be, let's say a wellness retreat. You're going away for your well being for the weekend, food, exercise. Is that kind of right?


Eva (00:39:44 - 00:40:15)


Kind of. So we refer in this context to a hotel that is high end. Right. Four stars or more. But it's not in the category of luxurious hotel. Right. And it is places that focus more on the atmosphere of the place, on looking or exploring things more creatively and have kind of a sense of coolness.


PHI-Participant 1 (00:40:16 - 00:40:16)


All right. Okay.


Eva (00:40:17 - 00:40:19)


So it is, it is more of that.


PHI-Participant 1 (00:40:20 - 00:40:29)


Yeah, well that's, I suppose I, that appeals to me. Yeah, I was kind of thinking of like a wellness retreat almost. Right.


Eva (00:40:29 - 00:40:35)


And can you think of any hotels that fit that bill? Like the lifestyle hotel?


PHI-Participant 1 (00:40:37 - 00:40:43)


Well, I suppose the one that we did stay in in New York, if it's about that Tempo by Hilton does fit that.


Eva (00:40:44 - 00:40:44)


Yeah.


PHI-Participant 1 (00:40:47 - 00:41:02)


I'm chatting about. There's a hotel stayed in Soho, Mimi's, that's like in a tiny area, it's really crisp and everything inside. Whether that, whether that does. I mean it's really small. New York. No, sorry, soho, London.


Eva (00:41:02 - 00:41:04)


Soho, London. Okay.


PHI-Participant 1 (00:41:04 - 00:41:06)


Yeah, check it out.


Eva (00:41:06 - 00:41:07)


Yeah.


PHI-Participant 1 (00:41:09 - 00:41:15)


The, the, say them again. The 25 hour ones. But they, they seem to invest in an identity of that local area.


Eva (00:41:18 - 00:41:24)


In your head, is it big or hotels? Small hotels medium or size doesn't matter.


PHI-Participant 1 (00:41:24 - 00:41:25)


Size doesn't matter.


Eva (00:41:25 - 00:41:26)


Okay.


PHI-Participant 1 (00:41:26 - 00:41:45)


No. Okay, you can be, get two like in. When I did see the size of the resort in Jamaica, I was like, oh goodness me. I don't know if I'm going to be able to cope with this. I think because you couldn't leave the area. Yeah, advised to. It made it better for me because I could just go for a good walk around in the morning because it was such a big complex.


Eva (00:41:45 - 00:42:06)


Yeah, yeah, great. And when you think of those life lifestyle hotels, I mean you touched on, oh, it sounds like more for wellness or a retreat or something like that. Would you expect certain other type of experiences like events or social activities or. It doesn't really matter for you?


PHI-Participant 1 (00:42:06 - 00:42:27)


I don't, not really. If I'm in a city, kind of a city break, I wouldn't really expect anything. I mean there might be, let's say for example, there is something happening in the bar restaurant between 6 and 7 or 7 and 8 or a set person's coming in and doing a set class. But not massively. It wouldn't tie me to anything that.


Eva (00:42:27 - 00:42:40)


Okay, very good. And Is there something in the kind of lifestyle hotel type of category that puts you off or that, well, it's less appealing to you?


PHI-Participant 1 (00:42:41 - 00:42:50)


No, no. When from. I've clearly got my definition of it mixed up a little bit. So when you describe it like that. No, that's, that's really what I, what I pull towards.


Eva (00:42:50 - 00:43:02)


What do you like? Okay, great. Now let's change a little bit gears and focus on Acme a little bit. Have you stayed before in a hotel from Acme?


PHI-Participant 1 (00:43:02 - 00:43:03)


No.


Eva (00:43:03 - 00:43:18)


No. Okay. What do you think? They are so kind of, do, you know, a bit the brand, you've flown with them. So. But what. What do you think of hotel from Acme?


PHI-Participant 1 (00:43:19 - 00:43:54)


Exactly as you've described. And they do look really good. For me, it's never the Acme ones. I've kind of more invested into Acme the last two, three years. I've not been to an area where there is one of their hotels as such, or I've not knowingly been because there's not. They've not got as many as some of the big. The big chain ones. I know there is one that's just opened in Shoreditch in London, which I really like the look of. There's also one in Edinburgh which is completely different, but also looks really stylish.


Eva (00:43:54 - 00:43:55)


No.


PHI-Participant 1 (00:43:58 - 00:44:03)


Is it? Yeah, it does look really good. I think that's the Edinburgh one.


Chad (00:44:04 - 00:44:06)


Yeah, Edinburgh one's pretty, pretty slice of magic.


PHI-Participant 1 (00:44:06 - 00:44:50)


Yeah. So I definitely would like to give some of those a try. Whether they fit in my price point, hopefully. Yeah. Yeah. And as a result, actually, because I do get part of the Acme emails, it. It was one of my go to. To then search. Right, well, what. We're going to San Francisco and I did purposely search. Search those out to try to find out, well, what. What have they got in? And there was nothing in San Francisco and I saw that they've maybe got a few dotted around America, but not, not an awful amount, which is fine. But there was a Vegas one which I've then like really, really dug into. Okay.


Eva (00:44:50 - 00:45:01)


And in your head, like, what would make a hotel from Acme different from all the hotels that you've stayed in? What would you expect? Knowing a little bit the brand?


PHI-Participant 1 (00:45:02 - 00:45:04)


I think it's quite quirky.


Eva (00:45:04 - 00:45:04)


Yeah.


PHI-Participant 1 (00:45:05 - 00:45:07)


Quite staff and customer centered.


Eva (00:45:07 - 00:45:08)


Yeah.


PHI-Participant 1 (00:45:08 - 00:45:34)


So I would expect a high level of focus on. On the customer as the client as such, but I also investment in the person as well. I have that reputation that they do invest in their staff. Yeah. As a result, you would expect. Yeah, you would expect a high level of treatment from them. That's, that's my dealings we've always had with Acme, which is why I suppose I invest with them more, is because the people are very good that you work with. You come across.


Eva (00:45:35 - 00:46:13)


Yeah. And there are, there are a few hotels from Acme, but it's not like a massive network. So far, knowing or thinking or imagining that Acme will be into this, you know, lifestyle category. Would you have any advice for them, like how to learn things better or, you know, how to make or what type of experiences would be great to have or in terms of connecting it with airlines or making more like a seamless ecosystem of experience. Experiences across different things.


PHI-Participant 1 (00:46:14 - 00:46:31)


Booking a holiday with them. Yeah, their experience was pretty seamless. So every. Everything was all taken care of. Yeah, I know that. I had a survey where they were talking about, you know, getting straight from the hotels for their organizing transfers would be brilliant.


Eva (00:46:31 - 00:46:31)


Yeah.


PHI-Participant 1 (00:46:31 - 00:46:41)


You know, if I say, if I. If there was a Harborline in New York last year, that would have been great rather than me sorting things out. But of course, maybe a concierge would have sorted things out for me as well, rather than try myself.


Eva (00:46:43 - 00:46:49)


Very good. I don't. We finished and I don't have any more questions. Chad.


Chad (00:46:50 - 00:46:55)


I just actually, I had a little peek at 25 hours. I hadn't seen 25 hours before.


PHI-Participant 1 (00:46:56 - 00:46:57)


Yeah, it's.


Chad (00:46:57 - 00:47:08)


It's super quirky and it's kind of got little bookshelves in its room with very homey little pillows in the corner by the. The area. So anyone.


PHI-Participant 1 (00:47:08 - 00:47:39)


Vienna and Hamburg are really worth just having a look at, if you do have a look. So the Vienna one's taken off an old circus in the older area of Vienna and the Hamburg one's pretty. Pretty mad and like this old Soviet kind of style building. Yeah. I did talking about lifestyle before, so I did book. We booked for Bluefin Cruise next year for that kind of same of investment quirkiness, really clean lifestyle. When I looked at their cruise ships, I was like, that's a step up from a cruise ship that I've done before.


Eva (00:47:39 - 00:47:47)


Yeah, that's interesting. So you would expect kind of something else. Some exceptions.


PHI-Participant 1 (00:47:47 - 00:47:51)


And I, I do want. If I'm investing money, I want it to be pretty special.


Eva (00:47:51 - 00:47:53)


Yeah. Yeah.


PHI-Participant 1 (00:47:53 - 00:48:02)


I suppose that's why I take my time researching rather than just jumping in because I pay school holiday prices, so it needs to be.


Eva (00:48:05 - 00:48:12)


Worth it. Oh, my God. Yeah, definitely. Definitely. Very good. Well, thank you so much, Elliot.


PHI-Participant 1 (00:48:12 - 00:48:13)


All right, no problem.


Eva (00:48:13 - 00:48:16)


I hope, I hope you enjoy the conversation. I hope.


PHI-Participant 1 (00:48:16 - 00:48:18)


Yeah, I did too. Yeah, it's been really insightful. Thank you.


Eva (00:48:20 - 00:48:29)


We did. We certainly did. Getting to know you better and. Oh, I'm jealous about Vegas and all your trips and.


PHI-Participant 1 (00:48:30 - 00:48:35)


Yeah, it might be a bit warm for me. I've looked. It could be like 40 degrees in August. So I might be hidden away then.


Eva (00:48:35 - 00:48:37)


The pool with a shady summer.


PHI-Participant 1 (00:48:37 - 00:48:38)


Yes.


Eva (00:48:40 - 00:48:43)


Very good. Have a lovely rest of your evening.


PHI-Participant 1 (00:48:43 - 00:48:44)


Yes, you too. Thank you.


Eva (00:48:44 - 00:48:46)


Thank you again for talking to us today.


PHI-Participant 1 (00:48:46 - 00:48:47)


No problem. Thank you, everyone.


Eva (00:48:48 - 00:48:57)


Bye. Very good. Let me just stop this jump on slack. Yes, let's do that.
