Grant

Moderator (00:00:03 - 00:00:15)


And figure out what kind of massive moments have happened in your life during some of those stays and things that we can sort of embed and understand how to make, you know what Acme's trying to offer an even better experience than what they're. They're already trying to do.


MAR-Participant 1 (00:00:16 - 00:00:17)


Nice. Sounds good.


Moderator (00:00:19 - 00:00:33)


So first thing is just get a little bit of background just about you, Mark. Like what is, what's. What is the story of Mark and how do you travel and who do you travel with and kind of a little bit of about you.


MAR-Participant 1 (00:00:33 - 00:01:57)


Sure. So bit of a cliche, but love to travel, love to see, love to see new places. It's just my wife and I, we don't have kids. There's no plans for kids. We're quite happy with our lifestyle. We've got two little, two little dogs. So when we're kind of doing staycations in the uk, they, they come with us. We've not traveled abroad with the dogs ever. But it's a, it's a. Maybe in the future when we travel abroad, we really like to. I mentioned it. They're kind of adults only. Quite. But we also really like a combination of factors. So we'll look at destinations that were both big foodies, so that have got a really good food scene, that have got kind of a good amount of culture. So lots of stuff to do and are a bit, they're a bit different as well. So kind of last big trip we did that was amazing was South Africa. As we both said, it was kind of one of our favorite destinations we've ever been to. So we did a bit of wine. Both quite into wine as well. So that, that was fun safari and then just kind of seeing the beautiful kind of scenery as well that South Africa had to offer. So that was a very memorable experience.


Moderator (00:01:58 - 00:02:07)


Okay, so when you say looking for things that are a bit different, like help me, help me quantify that, what would. What to you is a bit different from a place and a stay.


MAR-Participant 1 (00:02:08 - 00:03:06)


So I think from, from a hotel point of view, we tend to, where possible, stick away from chains as. As much as possible. I mean, don't go wrong. There are some fabulous chains that we've stayed in, but we try and look for points of differences that are. Maybe you get more of a, a unique stay where. I don't know the, the prop. So a lot of the places we stayed in South Africa there was kind of local artwork and it was kind of individuals running the properties. So they were really kind of passionate about their own business, whereas. And don't get me wrong, as I said, chain hotels can be fantastic, but I think they're a bit more regimented in terms of my personal background as well from a hospitality background. So I worked in hotels and then I've spent the last kind of 10 years on the OTA side actually with, with Expedia is kind of my current employer.


Moderator (00:03:06 - 00:03:30)


Gotcha. All right, well then you will have deep insights of this. I suspect this will be good. Fair enough. So let's get into a little bit about just the process of, you know, and, and maybe Expedia becomes a part of this. You're, you're planning a destination. How is it that you pick the destination and how do you pick the hotel and then how do you pick the room? Like what's that flow look like for you? In a sense.


MAR-Participant 1 (00:03:30 - 00:05:44)


Yeah. So for a, what I'd call a. If we, if we're talking about maybe a. Like something like South Africa, if we're planning a proper trip, it will be. For me it kind of starts with finding good flights. So where possible we use Acme. So we use our, we try and really kind of upgrade where possible using points or our, or our companion voucher. So we'll, we'll try and use Acme or affiliated airline where possible. And then it's about for a big destination kind of planning the major points we want to see and just figuring out kind of what makes sense from a. Getting around the destination. So for do we need a car or are we flying? How are we doing that? And then it's really a bit of hotel research. So I'm a big believer in reviews. So when I'm searching on Expedia I have a set number of reviews that I like a property to have had at a set score. For me to kind of trust it has to be for us kind of a minimum four star as well. We, we bounce between four and five. Obviously there can be quite a price difference between, well, between any kind of five star hotel to be honest. There can be a massive price difference between there. So yeah, that's basically how, how we would do it. We then use the, the wonderful tool that is AI to maybe help us. So my wife's quite into, my wife's massively into use of AI so she'll have various yeah bots on the go as well to kind of help us really create a, a tailored itinerary. I think something that we are both keen on. We, when, when we're at a destination we want to maximize our time there. So we do try and cram as much in as possible, obviously allowing for kind of rest days and relaxation as well. But we want to make sure that we plan to see everything that we want to see. So we're not just kind of winging it when we're there. We're, we're big kind of preppers. I would say when we, when we travel. Both so. Both.


Moderator (00:05:44 - 00:05:49)


So sometimes one partner is a little bit more low key and the other partner is the, the organized partner.


MAR-Participant 1 (00:05:49 - 00:06:12)


I mean she's definitely the more organized. Don't get me wrong. She. Yeah. In terms of. She will do the, the, the major routes. I kind of tend to maybe have input on the hotels and stuff and then obviously and then restaurants we kind of. She leaves to me and then kind of things like trips and experiences she will kind of take the lead on.


Moderator (00:06:12 - 00:06:13)


Okay.


MAR-Participant 1 (00:06:14 - 00:06:15)


It works quite well.


Moderator (00:06:16 - 00:06:26)


It's good, it's good. That's a good teamwork. Good, good way to play it out. And then I'm, I'm kind of curious with AI how is, how is leveraging some of these new tools change the way you approach the search for a hotel?


MAR-Participant 1 (00:06:31 - 00:07:08)


I think it's just, I think, you know, you could spend ages before just kind of googling and being like, oh, and TripAdvisor AI is just kind of at your fingertips. You can just get the information so quickly. And obviously we still do take it with a pinch of salt because it's, it's not perfect. So we might then kind of do some follow up as well. But you just get kind of what you need so much quicker and it's so much more efficient. And even if you're kind of planning out your itinerary to the day, you can say, look, I want to hit these kind of key spots. And then it's just, here's a suggested itinerary. How does this sound? Tweak it a little bit and it's done as opposed to kind of so manually doing it. Yeah.


Moderator (00:07:08 - 00:07:18)


So yeah, you use it more for the planning of the itineraries and maybe less so for trying to identify a hotel or I think the review sets.


MAR-Participant 1 (00:07:18 - 00:08:26)


I mean let's just say we were. Let's just say I put into. Claude is probably the one I, I use the most. We're staying in Cape Town for three nights. We want, and I'll put, put in some very brut. So we want a minimum four star hotel. Has to be, has to have parking, has to have a review score of X and then whatever other metrics. And then it'll produce a few options for Me. And then that's when I would probably then look a bit further, deeper into them. So I would either how are they looking on Expedia? Or I'd obviously go to their own, own website and stuff for travel. Obviously it makes more sense that we, we book through Expedia at the moment. So I get kind of discount with work. There's things I can kind of claim back. But we have used, we have used Acme actually as well. So we used. When we were in South Africa, we stayed at. I am going to forget the name, but it's Richard Branson's property in South Africa. Can't remember the name of it. Yeah, but that again was kind of through an accumulation of points as well.


Moderator (00:08:27 - 00:08:28)


A little bit of a special trip.


MAR-Participant 1 (00:08:28 - 00:08:33)


Yeah. Okay, so then.


Moderator (00:08:33 - 00:08:45)


And maybe, maybe this hotel might come up in it. So tell us about one of those sort of trips that was like most memorable and then sort of try to under explain what made that trip memorable.


MAR-Participant 1 (00:08:46 - 00:10:18)


So I'll use a different example because I talked about South Africa quite a bit to be fair. So when we. One of my kind of bucket list destinations had always been Dubai. My parents never really wanted to go. It just wasn't their cup of tea. But I was just fascinated by it. But as part of our trip to Dubai, we then also did five days in Oman and we stayed at a property, the Six Senses Zighy Bay. And it to this day, it was just. I just remember the car kind of coming around this, this mountain and. Sorry, just give me 2 secs, just need to respond to this. This car was coming around this mountain and you just kind of saw the resort kind of down on the beach and it, it was just the most amazing view I've ever seen. And then I remember our driver kind of pointing, I was like, oh, that's one of the restaurants. And it was cut into the cliff and it was just incredible. And then we, we kind of got to the resort and everything was just so on point from the welcome. And it was, it was probably the first time we'd had proper five star luxury. The first time that we had our own kind of pool in our, in a, in the. So we stayed in a suite where you have your own kind of pool. And it was the kind of first time we'd experienced anything like that. So it was a very, very memorable trip.


Moderator (00:10:19 - 00:10:26)


So explain a little bit about that welcome, like how did, what was, what was done that made that welcome feel welcoming.


MAR-Participant 1 (00:10:26 - 00:11:09)


It was like everything was just seamless and it was just. They knew who you were straight away that or anything kind of pre arrival that had been agreed. It was just there. You kind of never had to ask for anything. It was just almost like. And I'm sure it's kind of the old adage of like kind of like a swan. Very kind of calm on the top and I'm sure everything like the legs are going underneath. But as a customer and a traveler, you just didn't feel it at all. You just so welcome something as well that always sticks out. We both kind of like. Like relaxed. We don't like places that feel too stuffy. And this was kind of. And this kind of hit the. Hit the brief on that as well.


Moderator (00:11:10 - 00:11:22)


Nice. So people have referred to sort of some of touch on those senses. So some people have referred to aromas when they enter into a hotel or some of the lighting sets or is there anything there?


MAR-Participant 1 (00:11:22 - 00:11:24)


Can I just grab the door? Sorry, someone's just at the top.


Moderator (00:11:24 - 00:11:25)


Yeah. Where's that?


MAR-Participant 1 (00:11:25 - 00:12:24)


Sorry, just give me a sec. It. Sorry about that.


Moderator (00:12:24 - 00:12:43)


No worries. So yeah, so I was saying some folks kind of focus on some of the senses. So for them it was an aroma that sort of triggered a memory or it was some really nice, subtle lighting that was really important for them. So was there anything along those lines that have made an impact on you or are anything.


MAR-Participant 1 (00:12:45 - 00:13:35)


I think it was just the, the initial kind of wow factor really. So that like I say, you kind of come through, drive through this kind of mountain range and then you just see this incredible resort. And then the wow factor of the room as well. Really just kind of, you know, obviously you're kind of escorted to your room and everything's just pristine. You know, there's a lovely welcome fruit bouquet. There's an amazing bottle of champagne all chilled and everything is just so, so clean. The bed just looks incredibly inviting. I think that. And don't get me wrong, I'm sure there probably was an incredible smell. But with it being back in. Oh God, it's probably 10 years ago to be fair, so. But it still lives long in the memory is probably the most. Probably the kind of standout property we've ever stayed at.


Moderator (00:13:35 - 00:13:49)


Fair enough. All right, so real quick, I just want to jump a little bit back in the journey. And before you headed out to South Africa or before you headed out to Dubai, when you were preparing for this trip, I suspect you booked them sometime in advance.


MAR-Participant 1 (00:13:50 - 00:13:50)


When.


Moderator (00:13:51 - 00:13:59)


How did you prepare for it? Did you feel that hotel assisted and aided in things. You need to be prepared. What's your process there? And how did that play out A bit.


MAR-Participant 1 (00:14:07 - 00:15:26)


So I think so for, for the South Africa trip it was quite, it was a trip we kind of put together ourselves effectively and that's kind of the way we now do things. The Dubai, no man one was actually booked through Kuoni, so like a kind of travel agent at the time. But now we kind of. Yeah, now we kind of see the value of kind of doing it ourselves really. And we, and we really enjoy the process of the, the research and the kind of putting together what the days look like for us. And like I say with who I work for now it kind of makes a bit more financial sense as well. And with our kind of affiliation to Acme, I just, we like to have the flexibility of kind of booking things ourselves. I mean from a hotel point of view, I think it's, I always find it, depending on the caliber of hotel you're staying at, it can be a bit hit and miss in terms of pre arrival communication, what that looks like, what the expectations are. But I think it depends on destinations as well. Right. I think, you know, the, the Six Senses in Oman is a very different hotel to, you know, where, where we stayed in Cape Town was lovely, but they're very different kind of destinations. So the expectation was slightly different.


Moderator (00:15:27 - 00:16:04)


Okay, makes sense. All right, well let's talk about, swim more around your personal preferences and tastes and expectations. So we're, we're looking at kind of these four star low hotels you've already sort of queued in. One of the, one of the key things is Expedia, so there's some loyalty there. Um, is there specific behaviors that you are looking for within a hotel that when you arrive or how that check in works or what kind of feeling you're looking for? You said kind of relaxed feeling. Is there any way you can elaborate a little bit more on what your expectations are?


MAR-Participant 1 (00:16:09 - 00:17:25)


So kind of when, when I arrive I want to be kind of constant. I want to be instantly put at ease and kind of a nice warm welcome, whatever that looks like. Don't want to be, don't want to have to have in a mountain of paperwork. That's a big thing for, you know, they know who, who we are. They've kind of, often the hotels are kind of prepaid in a way. Yes. Obviously they might need a credit card for incidentals and things. But I like where possible a nice seamless process. So it doesn't feel, make it kind of part of the experience of the stay as opposed to, you know, formalities and whether that be, you know, you're taken. You don't necessarily. Not standing in front of somebody, maybe you're kind of taken in your SAT with somebody. If you're at more of a, a resort and you kind of said, you know, you're given a drink, you're given a hand towel, you're just kind of instantly put is you're on, you're on break, you're on vacation. So I always look out for things like that. I think if we've, if we've spoken about things over email that, that have been that maybe we've organized. So if we've booked, I don't know, a tour through the hotel or something through the hotel, like where they kind of confirm that they've had that and that everything is in place for, for whatever that might be as well.


Moderator (00:17:26 - 00:17:49)


Okay. So yeah, let's, let's talk about that a little bit. As you're, as you're sort of arriving at the hotel, how often do you book things through the hotel? How much do you want the hotel to be sort of a part of that overall experience of introducing into the neighborhood or different things? Or as you said, you kind of are doing things on your own now and so sometimes you're, that the hotel is just maybe just a place to stay. What balance do you try to look for in that regard?


MAR-Participant 1 (00:17:50 - 00:20:06)


Yeah, I mean, I think thing. So, you know, we've definitely, we've definitely used hotels for spa services for, you know, if they've got a destination restaurant on site that we would, we would definitely kind of use those. Before we stayed at a fabulous hotel in Croatia and they organized a, um, like a dolphin, a boat trip to go and see the dolphins at sunset. So, so things like that will always look, I think in terms of main services when it's probably spa. I would say for stuff like if, if we're using a car, we would tend to kind of do car hire at the airport, kind of have that in place beforehand. So it wouldn't be, wouldn't be so much from that. And then as well we, we do use services so kind of such as obviously Expedia do activities as well. But we've used kind of get your guide and things as well if we're doing trips out as well. But it's, it's nice that I like everything to be explained as well about what the, what the hotels have. I like being something quite big for me as well. So when we book for Expedia, they have what, what we would call VIP properties. So these are properties that can, can Join Expedia's VIP program and they basically give Expedia members a. An extra little perk. So where possible, a room upgrade. And then it could be something like a spa credit or a food and beverage credit. I like that to be. If I book through them and they're one of those properties and they're, they're reaping the benefits of, of that program, I like them to confirm what that perk is and what they've done from us. So we went to Italy this year and we stayed at a spa hotel in Rome and they were able to upgrade our room. And then they said, oh, just let us know when you'd like your complimentary cocktail at the bar with snacks as well. We'll have that prepared for you. So that was like a really kind of. That was an example of the program working. So me as a traveler, I felt good because I was acknowledged and the hotel were kind of seeing the benefit as well.


Moderator (00:20:06 - 00:20:08)


Okay, I like it.


MAR-Participant 1 (00:20:08 - 00:20:08)


All right.


Moderator (00:20:10 - 00:20:48)


Maybe I want to explore a little bit around some pain points that you're running into. So we're looking at more of these lifestyle hotels and for some people, you know, we've heard Airbnb makes a great fit because it kind of feels like my home and I can kind of do X, Y and Z, whereas moving into a hotel, a lot of stuff has been taken care of for me. When you're traveling and you're staying in these spaces, is there something that's just like, you wonder, your eye sort of twitches and you're like, why is it that this is never really sorted? Why is it that I can't have this fixed? What's a big pain point that you wish these spaces could sort of? Sort.


MAR-Participant 1 (00:20:56 - 00:21:11)


Of? That's a good question. There's always kind of little niggles. I'm just trying to think of what, what the main one would if there.


Moderator (00:21:11 - 00:21:12)


Wasn'T a big one. That's okay.


MAR-Participant 1 (00:21:12 - 00:21:13)


Yeah.


Moderator (00:21:13 - 00:21:21)


Just obviously, like, sometimes people have this at the ready. They're like, oh, man, it's this, this and this. Right. So no, no biggity if it sounds.


MAR-Participant 1 (00:21:21 - 00:23:21)


Like, yeah, It's probably the whole check in experience still. I still think that's way too clumsy. Clumsy and formal. And like I said, it feels very. It just doesn't feel like, you know, you're. You're a guest at this person's prop. You're a guest at this hotel and it just feels so. Sometimes so clunky and so. And I think there's a better way of doing that and hotels that do that really well stand out for me. So I think that's kind of my. My biggest bugbear. I think as well, housekeeping can be quite hit and miss in general. So we've stayed at places where one day it's incredible and we have kind of everything we want, and then the next day there's maybe kind of a few things missing. So. Little things. So. So we were. We went on a cruise and you. We had a butler as part of that. And one of the little things was neither. My wife and I drink sparkling water. We. We both have still water. So we just. We said kind of day one, you know, just if you could just replace both big bottles with still water instead of sparkling. First day it was done. Second day it was done. But then from the third day onwards it went back to being one of each. So there's just kind of a communication. And don't get wrong. It's not a little thing. It's not. It's not a big thing. Sorry. But it's just something that could be avoided and it's something we. It didn't cause us a problem, but it's something we both noticed. So. And it's just. I think there's a big difference between going back to the kind of six senses. I wouldn't expect that to happen there. Right. Whereas unfortunately, sometimes it happens a little bit too much. Just. And just little things like that.


Moderator (00:23:21 - 00:23:24)


Yeah, yeah. The handover doesn't quite handle.


MAR-Participant 1 (00:23:24 - 00:23:39)


Exactly. Yeah. And don't go wrong. I'm not, you know, having worked in hotels, I know it's a. It's a hard job. Like, it's hard to. It's very hard to people all the time. Don't get me wrong. It really is. Yeah. So, yeah, fair enough.


Moderator (00:23:39 - 00:24:11)


Another area we're sort of interested in is how your personality might potentially change when you're away from home and you're staying in a hotel. It might give you license to act out in a slightly different way. So you can maybe be a little bit more social than you would normally be. Or maybe you want to be a little bit more introverted, actually, because you kind of want some privacy and just want to unplug because. So curious on what. What staying in a hotel sort of gives you license to do and play with and how that can be accentuated.


MAR-Participant 1 (00:24:11 - 00:25:06)


Yeah, I think for me it's kind of. It's relaxed time, really. It's kind of. I want to feel comfortable and safe and secure and kind of come away rested and that's why? Kind of touched on it where possible and it don't go wrong. It's not. It doesn't always happen. And we stayed at some fab hotels that aren't. We do kind of like that adults only side of things as well. Don't get me wrong, adults can be just as annoying as children. So, yeah, we. When we're. When we're at maybe more of a resort and there's a pool, we tend to try and scope out maybe where it'll be a bit more quiet. We like the kind of quieter side of things. And don't get me wrong, if, if, you know, we strike up a conversation with somebody at the bar, amazing. But we also kind of like our own private space as well.


Moderator (00:25:07 - 00:25:19)


Do you sort of. Do you. Do you inquiry with the concierge much? Do you wanna. Do you want the hotel to be sort of a facilitator in how you then use the neighborhood or experience the local.


MAR-Participant 1 (00:25:20 - 00:25:42)


Yeah, we would definitely. We would always ask for if it's a. Definitely. If it's a destination that we've never been to before and if we maybe not had time to do as much or we've not got as much of a plan for that day as possible, but we fancy doing something, we'll definitely ask for personal recommendations and tips as well. So, yeah, that's something we've done before as well.


Moderator (00:25:45 - 00:26:05)


And in terms of like the preparing for that trip, again, I'll circle back to that. If you guys have done the research, how do you. How do you navigate when maybe you left off a thing you needed to have or, or you're. You're in a situation where, you know, I wish I would have known about.


MAR-Participant 1 (00:26:15 - 00:26:50)


So there's always. So within our itinerary, there's always kind of gaps and there's always, you know, the things that might just pop up. You know, if we want to go shopping for the afternoon or if we want to just grab a drink at a bar that we've planned, we'll kind of leave time for that. I think it's more just then if we're, if we're at a loss for dinner that night, that's where we would maybe engage the hotel a little bit more and be like, look, we're eating at here and here the next two nights, but we've got nothing for tonight. Is there anything that you would. You would recommend that kind of thing? Fair enough.


Moderator (00:26:50 - 00:27:05)


I'm kind of. I'm wondering, like, we had a colleague recently who was staying in a hotel and they're Looking to do a bit of a. A triathlon thing down the road and they'd forgotten their sneakers and they're like they were contemplating for a second maybe going out and buying a pair of sneakers.


MAR-Participant 1 (00:27:05 - 00:27:06)


Right.


Moderator (00:27:06 - 00:27:18)


And so if the hotel maybe had some of that stuff available, would that be of interest? Maybe you can pack a little lighter. We've got you covered. We got some stuff that you could use and do. Does that open any doors for you or is that.


MAR-Participant 1 (00:27:20 - 00:28:42)


Yeah, I mean, I think again we're. You probably can tell we're quite, we try and be quite, quite prepped as, as individuals. So it's quite often that we will forget something, especially whether that be. And we both quite like to shop as well, so we might just go out and buy it so that we've got it. But we have. It's more kind of, I suppose, smaller things. I think a good example of. Probably it's slightly off topic, but a good example of service recovery in a hotel we stayed at. So my wife has shed quite an expensive bottle of perfume and housekeeping knocked it in the sink. We came back from the day out and before we'd even got into the room the concierge grabbed us and said, oh, Mr. Mr. Bryden, sorry, that was an accident in your room earlier. This was spilled. However, there's a brand new bottle in your room and feel free to come down and have a drink on us as well. So that was a great example of. Yeah, like, you know, they've, they've proactively sorted the problem and they've kind of gone above and beyond and you know, and they've actually encountered. Or they've actually. We've actually not seen the error before that. So it was a really good example of great service recovery.


Moderator (00:28:43 - 00:28:45)


Yeah. So, yeah, great story.


MAR-Participant 1 (00:28:48 - 00:28:48)


Right.


Moderator (00:28:50 - 00:29:35)


Then I'm wondering then on if we kind of. You would know you'd noted that you're interested in hotels that have a little bit of a different flair and that aren't the common kind of paying hotels. Yeah, that probably lends you to the lifestyle hotels a little bit more often in that genre. Is there a specific sort of thing you're looking for for sets of those lifestyle hotels or do you actually are hoping that each of those are slightly different in terms of what they provide to you, to mix it up in terms of that uniqueness, like what. What does that, what does that mean to you to be a lifestyle hotel? And how can a hotel really check the box to make sure it really is adhering to that overall experience?


MAR-Participant 1 (00:29:36 - 00:30:52)


Yeah, definitely, definitely. Each one kind of offering something different, kind of maybe a bit reflective of where, where it's located as well. Some good, some good nods to that location, but then as well kind of offering all the services you would expect. So great spa, kind of great leisure amenities, really nice kind of pool, that, that kind of thing, you know, lovely rooms and a nice choice of rooms as well. So quite often we won't necessarily book the, the standard room. We would maybe go up a couple of levels as well if it gives us a bit more space. We quite like the, we like the, we like when a room's got maybe a separate lounge where possible just because it's nice. If, if we're kind of getting ready, it's just a bit, bit easier with two of us kind of getting ready to go out to have that kind of separate space as well. Little things in the room as well. Like, you know, I drink a lot of coffee, so I like a nice standard coffee machine where possible for kind of first thing in the morning. Yeah, I think that kind of in summary is what we like.


Moderator (00:30:53 - 00:31:07)


Okay, and then so you sort of alluded to a little bit, but when you're actually booking the rooms, how often do you make that adjustment beforehand? Like you'll do the upgrade then or how do you make that decision on the room?


MAR-Participant 1 (00:31:09 - 00:31:51)


So something I'm big on as well, kind of working. So when we're booking through Expedia, I do like to see kind of really good images as well and I'll quite often cross check with what they've got on their own site just to make sure that what's being advertised is actually what we're booking as well. So good kind of imagery and I think if, if it makes financial sense, basically, if it's a, if it's not too much of a push in terms of financial. But you're getting what we would see a, see as a return on our investment, then. Yeah, we would quite often go for it. And then with the potential, knowing if it's, if it falls within that genre I talked about earlier, there's potential for a further upgrade as well. Maybe.


Moderator (00:31:51 - 00:32:07)


Okay, and then you talked about cross referencing. Are you using, you know, additional social channels or some of the videos, stuff that's coming out in terms of how people share reviews on stuff or what, how do, what's. What's your best way to cross check?


MAR-Participant 1 (00:32:09 - 00:32:36)


A few ways really. I'll look at, I look at the hotel website, I look at the hotel's Instagram. They're probably the main Ones from a, from a review point of view, I tend to stick to who, who we're booking through, to be honest. So yeah, that's. And then I would probably go back to AI as well and say look, I'm thinking about booking this hotel, tell me about it. And it just gives me a bit of blurb then as well.


Moderator (00:32:37 - 00:32:39)


Yeah, paints a little bit more of a story.


MAR-Participant 1 (00:32:39 - 00:32:40)


Exactly.


Moderator (00:32:41 - 00:33:00)


So then you've been, you've been checked into the hotel, you've, you're, you're kind of now settled. How do you, what's your thoughts on how you explore the hotel itself? Or are you, are you ready to kind of head out and enjoy the particular neighborhood? And what time do you want to explore what the rest of the hotel has to offer?


MAR-Participant 1 (00:33:03 - 00:33:54)


It kind of varies on kind of what, what, what time of day it is. Quite often if you know we're arriving mid morning kind of or lunchtime, that day will probably normally be at the hotel. So we would tend to explore straight away. We would, if we'd got anything that we'd pre book, so kind of spa treatments, we just kind of confirm that any dinners or anything, we just kind of confirm that was all in order. And then yeah, we'd take a look around the property. So whether that be pool facilities, whatever, just enjoy the hotel room and just kind of tend to chill out. If we're, if it's kind of late at night or kind of more, more evening, we may well just head out straight away, grab a bite to eat and then get a good night's sleep and then explore after breakfast the next morning. It just depends.


Moderator (00:33:56 - 00:34:14)


Okay, makes sense. All right, well let's talk a little bit about some of your perceptions on Acme. In doing some of the research like I said. You haven't, you haven't stayed at a Harborline Hotel yet, have you?


MAR-Participant 1 (00:34:14 - 00:34:21)


We have, yeah, we've stayed. Okay, so we stayed in the, the Harborline Hotel in Shoreditch.


Moderator (00:34:21 - 00:34:35)


Okay, so well then, two questions. How did you, how did you identify that? Like how did you find Acme? And then let's talk through this day and kind of what your expectations was prior to and then how that was met or not met would be really interesting.


MAR-Participant 1 (00:34:36 - 00:36:51)


So it was a. So obviously in terms of Acme we're aware of who they are. Like I say we there are kind of credit card of choice. We fly with them and their affiliates regularly. So as a company we who they are. This particular trip was a bit of a last minute one night to London. We had to potentially sort something for, for work. So it was a Sunday night, we stayed over but overall kind of really satisfied. It was, you know, after a busy day in, in London. We got to the hotel around 6 o'. Clock. We actually came from the tube and we walked to the hotel and on route we saw a restaurant that we kind of fancied. So we were like, we popped in and said have you got a T Later? So we kind of sorted dinner, then we're able to go to the hotel, dump our bags in the room, kind of grab a quick drink. But it was a really, really good experience to be fair. The reception team were lovely. They asked us kind of what we've been doing for the day. It turns out that what we've been. We were actually looking at flats for, for a potential move and it turned out the flats we were looking at, one of the receptionists lived in that area so she was able to kind of give us a little bit of her insights and things. So we had a really good chat with them. Yeah, had a lovely drink in the bar. Bartender was really chatty, really nice. Quite a, quite a unique bar as well. I'm struggling to kind of remember exactly what it was like but quite, quite avant garde in terms of the cocktails. It wasn't just these kind of standard cocktails. It was um, yeah, interest, let's say interesting. The decor as well. It was kind of very funky, very, very fresh. A bit, a bit different, which is what we like. I remember the bed being super comfortable. Not sure if that was just because I was knackered from the day, but had a really good night's sleep and then we actually didn't, we didn't grab breakfast in the morning because we had to head off quite early. But overall kind of really satisfied stay, enjoyed it a lot. Would definitely recommend. Okay.


Moderator (00:36:51 - 00:37:10)


And then so did you. I mean you were just there for the night, right? So it was kind of a quickie. But how much did you kind of engage with other folks or want to engage with other folks and what was sort of the, the overall vibe of the type of individuals you were would expect to see there?


MAR-Participant 1 (00:37:15 - 00:38:07)


From what I remember, we didn't kind of actually kind of come across too many people to be perfectly honest. Yeah. But I think it seemed to be quite the people we did see kind of checking in, checking out. There was a lot of kind of couples. It wasn't. There wasn't. I mean it was a Sunday night, right. There wasn't a, wasn't school holidays or anything so there wasn't a lot of kids there at all. Obviously, London's a bit of an interesting area. There's so many different kind of variables as to why people would be there. Definitely seemed a bit more of a. But we really liked that the area as well. And the reception team kind of said, oh, have you stayed in Shoreditch before? We told them we were going for dinner. Like, oh, that's a great Mexican spot. You've made a good choice if you fancy it. This bar is really good. So there was some nice kind of personal recommendations from them as well.


Moderator (00:38:09 - 00:38:17)


Nice. And then which if you were gonna head to say, a acme, a different city, what would some of the expectations be for that?


MAR-Participant 1 (00:38:19 - 00:39:07)


I find a really fun brand. So just and fun and kind of casual and kind of very Service first. I would say kind of the staff are allowed to. Or encouraged to really kind of show their own personality, which I like. You can definitely engage with them, have a. Have a nice chat. So I just expect to see that. So really kind of a fun, comfortable. Not. Would I say luxurious. I'd say. I'd say more kind of comfortable, kind of comfortable luxury as opposed to, you know, maybe five star, top, top of the range kind of luxury. Which is what. Which is what we kind of prefer. So kind of relaxed, casual, fun. Yeah, that's what I would hope and expect.


Moderator (00:39:08 - 00:39:30)


I think they'd be happy about that. That's what they're going for. So that's probably. Probably right on the edge. All right then. Kind of interested in the. The actual functional bit of the hotel for like you're staying there over the night and for you, what's important for a decent night of rest, like what. What things need to be in place.


MAR-Participant 1 (00:39:34 - 00:40:44)


Good quality beds. So with good quality pillows. It's my pet hate when one of my pet. We go and go back to pet hates when the pillows are just really flimsy and crap and soft. But then as well, kind of good quality linen. I think then from a bathroom point of view, you want a really good shower with some nice toiletries as well. Especially if it's for, you know, if you're going somewhere for maybe, you know, more of a holiday. More of a holiday kind of a week, 10 days, something like that. You may well bring your own toiletries. But to have kind of really nice toiletries that you can just use. So nice shampoo, shower gel, etc. Where possible. As I mentioned, I do like a coffee machine as well. Um, as opposed to a kettle, I prefer kind of like an espresso or an Illy machine something like that, um, that's quite a nice perk for me. Um, but, yeah, beds, kind of quality shower with good water pressure, nice towels, nice kind of toiletries, and then where possible, a coffee machine. So quite easy to please, really.


Moderator (00:40:45 - 00:40:55)


Have you ever been exposed to a brand or a product from a hotel toiletry set that you're like, oh, my God, this is amazing. I had no idea this even existed. I'm going to buy this when I go home.


MAR-Participant 1 (00:40:57 - 00:41:16)


Probably, but nothing's actually kind of sticking out. I think we had quite. When we were in South Africa and then indeed when we were in Oman, there was quite a lot of like, locally made ones that were almost kind of like the hotels kind of set themselves. So that was really nice to use, but nothing.


Moderator (00:41:17 - 00:41:20)


Did they make a story about how that was made by local artisans.


MAR-Participant 1 (00:41:20 - 00:41:40)


Yeah, yeah, exactly that. So there's a nice. In the bathroom that's kind of all explained on a nice card. And yeah, again, there's a bit more information if you want to kind of, you know, support them further. You can find the details here. So we actually took some. I think we took some soap home for Christmas gifts. Yeah, the people.


Moderator (00:41:41 - 00:41:41)


That's cool.


MAR-Participant 1 (00:41:41 - 00:41:45)


Yeah, yeah. All right.


Moderator (00:41:45 - 00:42:06)


And then in terms of the process, we talked a lot about coming in and checking into the hotel. We talked about them kind of getting familiar with you and knowing you as you come in and going, what about the checkout process? Is there anything there that is kind of important for you to kind of have a nice closing of that chapter?


MAR-Participant 1 (00:42:09 - 00:43:29)


Again, it's kind of want it to be seamless and easy and kind of no complications. So again, if we've been at a place for a period of time quite often the night before, we'll ask for the bill just to kind of. Just so we can kind of check everything almost the night before so we're not kind of a mad dash. And then if everything's okay, we'll quite often settle it there. And then just to make sense where it's a bit more, I suppose, a bit more formal. We've not done that. Just a really nice kind of warm goodbye is appreciated. So if we're catching a fly, if we need help with any kind of transportation, that's all kind of catered for, I think obviously from a hotel side, they want to push kind of you to review, which is understandable. So, yeah, we're. Where possible. Absolutely. We'll do that as well. Yeah. Again, just for me, kind of seamlessness and kind of. And just making the process easy is good. And then if we've had nothing, quite often it's quite nice to put the express checkout option. So you just leave and you're done. And I think that's. That was the case at the Harborline Hotel. We just left in the morning because we, we settled up our drinks kind of there and then at the bar because we knew that we'd be going early, just drop the key in the box and then we were good to go. So that's always a good option.


Moderator (00:43:30 - 00:43:30)


Yeah.


MAR-Participant 1 (00:43:30 - 00:43:31)


Yeah.


Moderator (00:43:32 - 00:43:34)


With you I kind of prefer that. Being able just to walk out.


MAR-Participant 1 (00:43:35 - 00:43:35)


Yeah.


Moderator (00:43:36 - 00:44:04)


Not a bunch of what about afterwards. And then in terms of how hotels sort of re engaged do you find yourself in a sort of consistent rhythm where you'll go back to a particular hotel or brand often. I mean it sounds like you kind of like new and different ones. So. Well, how do you, how do you, how do you feel when they're sort of sending you out the promos for the next place? What's, what's attractive? That or what's just spam?


MAR-Participant 1 (00:44:04 - 00:44:50)


Oh yeah, that. So I'll always read it. It depends on kind of. I'm terrible at unsubscribing. To be fair. I need to get better at that. Should be my New Year's resolution. Got so much junk email through. But yeah, if you know. So six senses I talked about know that they're kind of open properties fairly regularly. If they're open in a destination that we've not visited or plan to visit, I'll always keep an eye out on that one and what that looks like obviously Acme as well. So yeah, I'll always kind of keep an eye out and kind of be curious about what the plan is and what's happening. Won't necessarily be a need to stay there, but it'll definitely be approach it with kind of curiosity. Yeah.


Moderator (00:44:50 - 00:45:00)


So just kind of keep it in. So them sort of sharing here's where we're growing and moving. This keeps it a little bit more front of mind and that's something that is of interest. Yeah, exactly.


MAR-Participant 1 (00:45:01 - 00:45:03)


Okay, nice.


Moderator (00:45:05 - 00:45:07)


Eva, any follow up thoughts from you?


MAR-Participant 1 (00:45:07 - 00:45:08)


Oh good.


Eva (00:45:08 - 00:45:16)


It's been really interesting to, to get to know you, your perspective on all this. So thank you for talking to us.


MAR-Participant 1 (00:45:16 - 00:45:26)


Thank you for taking the time. It's been a pleasure. Yeah. Do you need, do you need any kind of clarification or anything? Everything makes sense. Yeah.


Moderator (00:45:26 - 00:45:27)


All makes sense.


MAR-Participant 1 (00:45:27 - 00:45:27)


Yeah.


Moderator (00:45:28 - 00:45:33)


How about you? Any. Any final kind of thoughts in terms of overall hotels and.


MAR-Participant 1 (00:45:38 - 00:46:55)


I think it's, it's, it's, it's tough because the, you know, the hospitality, I mean, I don't know where you, where you guys are based, but here in the UK kind of, there's a lot of pressure on hospitality businesses just in terms of whether that be staffing costs or kind of business rate costs and lots of things like that. So it'll just be interesting to see how that evolves. Obviously, you know, a few years ago we had, we had Covid then we had the kind of big rebound. We still got a bit of a cost of living crisis, but at the same time hotels want to maintain and grow kind of ADRs. So it's, it's kind of tough all. So it's finding. And that's why we like, I suppose, maybe more unique properties and things and properties that try and do things a bit differently as opposed to standard chains which nothing wrong. Stayed in plenty. No, stayed in plenty of ihg, stayed in plenty of core properties and they're all, they all serve a purpose. But for a trip, for a holiday, if it's business travel, that's absolutely fine. But for me, if it's, if we go in somewhere, I want the hotel to be part of the experience. So we always try and, and capture that in where possible.


Moderator (00:46:56 - 00:47:20)


Yeah, I mean, I think you bring a good point in terms of how the economy is starting to affect things and what that means. And so for you, then that, that affects the type of hotel you're going to change. So it's not just the intrigue factor of a boutique hotel, but it's given limited options and tighter budgets. Then if you're going to spend something, then why wouldn't you spend something on somebody who's doing something a little bit unique and different?


MAR-Participant 1 (00:47:21 - 00:47:24)


Exactly. Yeah, fair enough.


Moderator (00:47:24 - 00:47:25)


That makes sense.


MAR-Participant 1 (00:47:25 - 00:47:26)


Cool. Agree.


Moderator (00:47:27 - 00:47:29)


Mark, really appreciate your time.


MAR-Participant 1 (00:47:29 - 00:47:31)


Thank you. Thank you.


Eva (00:47:32 - 00:47:34)


Good day and thank you again.


MAR-Participant 1 (00:47:34 - 00:47:36)


Great. Have a great rest of day.


Eva (00:47:38 - 00:47:39)


Bye.


MAR-Participant 1 (00:47:42 - 00:47:42)


All right.


Moderator (00:47:43 - 00:47:46)


All right, you guys are hopping right on to the next one at three, right?


Eva (00:47:46 - 00:47:47)


Yeah, three.


MAR-Participant 1 (00:47:47 - 00:47:49)


So I'll see you later.


Eva (00:47:49 - 00:47:51)


Yes, see you in an hour.


Moderator (00:47:51 - 00:47:52)


We'll do a little recap at the end.


Eva (00:47:53 - 00:47:55)


Okay, sounds good. Bye.


MAR-Participant 1 (00:47:55 - 00:47:56)


Later.
