Jamie

JAM-Participant 1 (00:00:30 - 00:00:31)


Hey.


Amy (00:00:32 - 00:00:33)


Hello, stranger.


Moderator (00:00:33 - 00:00:34)


How are you?


Amy (00:00:36 - 00:00:37)


I am all right.


JAM-Participant 1 (00:00:38 - 00:00:38)


Good.


Amy (00:00:39 - 00:00:40)


Struggling, but.


Moderator (00:00:40 - 00:00:47)


All right, let's see what happens with Jamie.


Amy (00:00:49 - 00:00:50)


Show me.


Moderator (00:00:51 - 00:00:51)


Amy.


Amy (00:00:56 - 00:00:58)


How long are you going to be rocking the Christmas tree for?


Moderator (00:00:59 - 00:01:04)


It's gone as soon as. Hi, Jamie. Hi.


JAM-Participant 1 (00:01:04 - 00:01:04)


Good morning.


Moderator (00:01:05 - 00:01:07)


Hi. Good morning. How are you doing?


JAM-Participant 1 (00:01:07 - 00:01:08)


I'm good, thanks. How are you?


Moderator (00:01:09 - 00:01:12)


Very good. Good to see you, too.


Amy (00:01:13 - 00:01:15)


We were just discussing Christmas trees. Jake.


Moderator (00:01:15 - 00:01:16)


Yeah.


Amy (00:01:16 - 00:01:17)


Do you have a Christmas tree up still?


JAM-Participant 1 (00:01:18 - 00:01:22)


No. But you still have your cup.


Moderator (00:01:23 - 00:01:39)


The thing is, I'm Mexican and in Mexico, three kings is very important and it happens. So until 6th of Jan, the Christmas tree is up. But this weekend is going finally.


JAM-Participant 1 (00:01:40 - 00:01:45)


I was just with some very dear Mexican friends of mine and had multiple Christmas trees up.


Moderator (00:01:46 - 00:01:47)


Yes.


JAM-Participant 1 (00:01:49 - 00:01:49)


Yeah.


Moderator (00:01:50 - 00:01:53)


It's because of the Three Kings, so. Yeah.


JAM-Participant 1 (00:01:53 - 00:01:54)


But anyway.


Moderator (00:01:56 - 00:01:58)


I hope you're well. Where are you based?


JAM-Participant 1 (00:01:59 - 00:02:01)


I'm in Ojai, California.


Moderator (00:02:01 - 00:03:16)


In California. Fantastic. I can see the sunshine coming through your window. We are in. I'm in London. My colleague Chad is in Portugal and we work for a research and strategy company called Hidden Hidden Strategy and our client, Acme, we are working with them to really understand the experiences and expectations of seasoned travelers like yourself and people who might have or not been exposed to harborline hotels. So in the next 50 minutes, we are going to walk and talk to you about where do you travel, how do you do it, what is important for you, all these type of things. It's a very casual, laid back conversation and there's no right or wrong answer. We don't work for acme. So you can be as open and candid as you want to, and that is what is going to happen in the next 50 minutes. Do you have any questions before we kick off?


JAM-Participant 1 (00:03:16 - 00:03:17)


No.


Moderator (00:03:17 - 00:03:27)


Okay. And I am going to just start recording. So to me, we are all good. Okay.


Amy (00:03:27 - 00:03:30)


No right or wrong answers, only fun ones.


JAM-Participant 1 (00:03:34 - 00:03:37)


Well, travel is my favorite subject. So we're gonna be.


Amy (00:03:37 - 00:03:38)


We're gonna have fun, though.


JAM-Participant 1 (00:03:38 - 00:03:54)


This is gonna be. Do I want to participate in something like this? And I'm like, well, it's fun to like. It is actually fun to participate in the travel process because you then benefit from the information that's being gathered down the line. So. Yeah.


Moderator (00:03:56 - 00:04:09)


All right, so let's kick off. Yes. So, Jamie, just tell us a little bit about yourself, who you are, where do you live, who with.


JAM-Participant 1 (00:04:12 - 00:05:45)


My wife and I, we're living in Los Angeles for a long time and at the end of the pandemic, decided we needed more space and didn't have jobs where we had to Commute all the time. She's a professor and a fiction writer and can teach online and does teach online, but for a university in Los Angeles, but. And then I work in real estate. But I realized that I drive the same amount to get inside Los Angeles because traffic is so bad than to just hop on the highway at the end of the day and come out to a place that is more beautiful. So we came out here and have no regrets. It has changed the way we travel a bit. Living in the city, we wanted luxury vacations that were more restful. And now that we're somewhere more restful, we want luxury vacations in a more urban setting where we can go and do so. Yeah, I've noticed that change, but although we have still done some restful things and really enjoyed it. But I guess as you get older also we're getting older, so it's like, nicer to have some downtime. We're both in our 50s. Like, I'm 50, she's in her late 40s. So I think that has also changed things and changed the choices in terms of the places we go and just where we're looking for a bit. I mean, we've been together a long time, so now looking for things that are more. With a little more elegance than. Than a little more elegant, a little less fun, because we can make our own fun kind of a thing.


Moderator (00:05:45 - 00:05:50)


But what do you do when you're not working? What do you like to do?


JAM-Participant 1 (00:05:52 - 00:06:42)


Gosh, we love to cycle, so bicycle. We go for long rides. We're definitely exercisers. If I'm home, like in California, I think meeting up with friends, going to dinner, going to a lot of shows, concerts, things like comedy, a lot of comedy, things like that. When we're traveling, walking for hours also shows. I'm a big opera fan and she's not. So I go alone. Dinner beforehand or after or whatever, and art museums. And I love when traveling to have tour guides teaching me history. But if I'm in California, I'm not like, sifting through all the historical sites, but when I travel, I tend to do that.


Amy (00:06:42 - 00:06:43)


And.


JAM-Participant 1 (00:06:45 - 00:06:48)


Yeah, art. Like art galleries and things like that.


Moderator (00:06:48 - 00:07:07)


Amazing. So tell us a little bit about your travels. Where do you normally go? How often, you know, how do you approach travel? Like, just generally to understand. Do you travel for work? Do you travel with your wife? How is travel fitting in your lives?


Amy (00:07:07 - 00:07:09)


Travel to Accra.


JAM-Participant 1 (00:07:09 - 00:08:38)


I definitely travel more than she does. I travel mostly for pleasure, very rarely for work. Every now and then I have an international client that. And I'm trying to pick up information for, but ultimately I'm now trying to. There's certain places I go back to over and over, like Tokyo, because I was a musician for a long time before I was in real estate. I was a signed artist and I made artist friends. And now when I go to Japan to perform, like, we'll try a different hotel every time to keep it interesting and see what's going on there. But, like, this summer, she's working on a book, so I'm traveling alone, and I was like, you know, there's some hotels I really want to try in Dubai and Qatar. So I'm going for a couple days each alone. And I also thought, not a great place to go as a gay woman, so I can go and not be with her and sightsee for a couple of days. Just out of curiosity. I go to London quite a bit because I have dear friends there. We've done a lot of European travel and, yeah, so I guess we just kind of bounce around. We're not like, big beach, Caribbean, sitting still people. We're still more like, let's go see that city we've never been to. The Pandemic canceled a big Portugal trip we had that we want to put on the books. Things like that still here seems a lot.


Amy (00:08:39 - 00:08:40)


It's cool.


Moderator (00:08:40 - 00:08:51)


And when it comes to accommodations, are you. What is your approach? Are you a combination Airbnb, friends like, or hotels like, how do you approach.


JAM-Participant 1 (00:08:52 - 00:10:54)


Staying some places for, like, a long stay? I do Airbnb because I have. I'm allergic to shellfish, and there are very few hotels where I can go and really be safe in the world. I think the only place I can go and have room service is like, gosh, where was it in Mexico, where they actually kept me safe. But I think now I'm getting so allergic that I would be nervous to even try. But. But I. Yeah. So Airbnb for food allergy reasons, unless I'm in, like, Israel for a long trip, and then. Then I look at, like, luxury in terms of will the service be good? Will the. Will the vibe have that, like, that feel in the air? The, like, refinement in terms of pace and service, but also, like, there are hotels we've stayed at where they offer you a butler, and it's like, we're not going to use that. So it's not that, like, I don't want someone to unpack me. I'm not that kind of traveler, but. But I wanna stay in that place. But I don't need that service, if that makes sense. But like, you just have that extra step if you need it, and that the staff on hand to like, make it a seamless experience. Or you come in and they've actually paid attention that two women are on the reservation and so you get two small sets of slippers. It sounds so dumb, but when they ask you, is there anything you can do? If you ask for something like that and they couldn't do it, you're like, oh, it's gonna be. This will be an interesting stay. I think things are gon. Like, it doesn't have that kind of attention, but if I make like a small request like that and there's like two smaller slippers that I'm like, and it's done. You're like, oh, okay. If we ask for something, even if it's small and insignificant, we'll probably have it. Which sounds so spoiled. But I think, like, when I travel, it's to be spoiled. Otherwise I'm home and I'm working.


Moderator (00:10:54 - 00:11:03)


Yeah. I guess like, everybody like to feel seen right in and, you know, be provided with the things that matters for you.


JAM-Participant 1 (00:11:05 - 00:11:21)


Thousand dollars a night, you're like, I think you could do two small slippers. If they, you know, that's only like if they send me an email, like, we want to do something, tell us what we can do. And it's like, oh, well, you could do that. And then. Yeah.


Moderator (00:11:22 - 00:11:37)


So in terms of what has been the best experience in a hotel for you? And it sounds tricky to have such a severe allergy to shellfish that you cannot stay in places. And I can not imagine how.


JAM-Participant 1 (00:11:39 - 00:11:39)


Yeah.


Moderator (00:11:40 - 00:11:42)


Distressing. Can't be. Yeah.


JAM-Participant 1 (00:11:42 - 00:12:50)


If they cook it in the kitchen, I can't eat anything from that kitchen. And there's places that say, like, no, no, no, you'd be safe here, but you'd be surprised at how not the case that is. So I don't get to have the food experiences at most hotels, so I can stay there just as the trip gets longer. If I don't have the ability to eat, then it's hard. But I'd say the Aman Tokyo was very special. Couldn't eat a thing there, but my wife said the food was great. And then also their spa was just spectacular. And we had a very busy city trip, but did take advantage of the spa, which is not something we had done in the past. And that was very special. And I'd say, gosh, what was another spectacular Villa d'Este in Lake Como was very special. A combination of setting and service. You just Felt very taken care of. And it was so warm, but it was just so beautiful. The rooms were kind of older, but it didn't matter because you felt, you felt the history.


Amy (00:12:52 - 00:12:52)


And.


JAM-Participant 1 (00:12:55 - 00:13:28)


I'd say the Park Hyatt in Buenos Aires was really spectacular. And there's like an older section and a newer section and you can kind of choose your vibe. But the, I like that. The. Oh yeah, I like the hotels where there are a lot of people my age and there's like a mix of people from all over the world. And I don't feel like I get to that hotel and know everyone there from used to have that growing up in Chicago. I'd travel and we'd get somewhere and it would be like everyone we know from Chicago at the same place. And I'm like, that is less interesting.


Moderator (00:13:30 - 00:13:47)


Difference. And yeah, cohesion wouldn't hurt for sure. So tell us like when you're booking in a a hotel, right, what kind of things you typically look for?


JAM-Participant 1 (00:13:48 - 00:15:03)


Well, I had a really recent booking experience for this upcoming trip to, to Dubai and Doha and I was just like, what is the most bonkers hotel I can find? Like, you know, I like looked at the list of like, what is the most high end thing I can find in this place where it's probably just so ridiculous. And then I also like the one that's considered seven star. I looked at the decor and I'm like, I will not feel calm with like mustard and red and blue, like I'll go nuts. So I looked for that level with like an aesthetic that I liked. So that matters a lot to me in terms of being able to feel calm in the room and like the look of the room. And I have a wide range. It can be modern, it can be antiques, but it's gotta have a feel to it that I want to spend time in. There was a boutique hotel in Stockholm called Ett Hem and I remember choosing it even though it wasn't high service because it's a, you know, there's only like 12 rooms. The rooms were so curated. It felt so. You'd feel so at home in a place like that that I had to try it and it was actually one of my favorite stays.


Moderator (00:15:04 - 00:15:26)


And how do you go about choosing and organizing your travels? So do you pick a place out of a bucket list or do you sometimes find a hotel that you think, oh this is so spectacular, that is worth going there. So how does it normally happen when choosing a hotel?


JAM-Participant 1 (00:15:27 - 00:16:00)


I think normally bucket list for a place. But then I'll hear word of mouth also makes a big difference. My aunt raved about the Amanzoe in Greece. And so now that's on my list just to go to that hotel because that is not where I'd spend most of the vacation because there's too much to do in Greece and that's kind of remote. But it's an experience I would want to have. So there's things like that where I hear about it and want to try the hotel. But most of the time it's a place that I want to experience like a city. I want to see like Stockholm or whatever.


Moderator (00:16:01 - 00:16:02)


The city and everything like that.


JAM-Participant 1 (00:16:02 - 00:16:03)


Yeah.


Moderator (00:16:04 - 00:16:26)


And when you can you walk us through, like, any kind of routine. So how do you normally do things from the moment that you book a room? So you've chosen a hotel, you book a room, or even like, how do you go about booking a room and what happens all the way to check.


Amy (00:16:26 - 00:16:26)


In.


JAM-Participant 1 (00:16:30 - 00:16:34)


In terms of like, do I use a travel agent or do, do I do it myself kind of a thing.


Moderator (00:16:34 - 00:17:01)


Or for example for me will be, well, I chose a hotel, but then I discuss it with whomever I'm going to travel with. We take a decision. You know, we heard people saying, like, we sit every day after dinner to watch the photos of the hotel to get. We look at the menus, we do spreadsheets, we do nothing. So there's like a whole range of things that people.


JAM-Participant 1 (00:17:03 - 00:18:41)


Yeah, I think I just take my wife's likes and dislikes into consideration. But she's ultimately not as much of a travel hound. She'll just kind of go and knows that it'll be, well, you know, arrange so that she doesn't have a stressful travel experience. But it used to be that I. I wanted a place that had, like a young energy and I'd look very specifically when I was searching to book something like that. And then now she actually likes feeling like she's somewhere that is a little more elegant. And so I do spend time while we're watching television. It's funny, like, she'll be watching tv. She is not paying attention to the travel research I'm doing. And then I'll book online if I feel like it makes sense. Every now and then, like, I have a friend that is a travel agent and has special access to, like, Cap de ferrat. And she was like, oh, yeah, I just had the manager over for dinner. I can get you in. Even though they're not accepting online bookings. So when needed, I do that. Or also for different hotels, sometimes I'LL go through her because she's. What is it? Travel. What is that? The luxury travel virtuoso. So there's certain like perks that I get booking through her, but otherwise I just book through myself. I use points, I use cash, depending on, you know, that kind of configuration too makes a difference. And if there's two great hotels and one I can get for free on points and one is not, I take that into consideration and yeah, but she isn't really involved in the decision making process. Unless I'm confused and need a tiebreaker.


Moderator (00:18:41 - 00:18:47)


Okay, what about, what about reviews and stuff like that?


JAM-Participant 1 (00:18:47 - 00:19:37)


I do look at reviews. That's actually good question because I didn't think about that. But absolutely. I'll look at a city, I'll pick like the top three hotels and then I look at reviews, I look at photos. Which one has the esthetic I like Ultimately if one looks incredibly great but the reviews are like it's tired now. I felt like it was sloppy or whatever. I look at how recent those reviews are and every now and then if I see a lot of good reviews and a really bad one that's recent, I will look at the reviewer. This depends on, depends on the stakes of the trip. If it's really, if it's a really special trip, I dive in more deeply and I will look at that reviewer's history of reviews and see if they're a whiny person because sometimes you end up missing out because one person doesn't especially bad review but is always miserable.


Moderator (00:19:39 - 00:20:06)


Absolutely. The room is booked, you know where you're going, what happens then afterwards? Do you think about it? Do you plan something? Do you appreciate receiving emails from the hotel and giving you tips like what is your approach to, you know, you know where you're going, you have a room and all the way getting there.


JAM-Participant 1 (00:20:06 - 00:21:39)


Yeah, I tend to. I tend to. This is new actually. I've started using AI and I did this for a trip to Scandinavia this past summer. And I said I like art history, actual the country's history, architecture, art. And I want to go to these countries. What is the smoothest route? What is the, what are the points of interest? And then like for the fjords I was like started to. I didn't actually use chat GPT for this because I feel like they're looking at SEO and not necessarily what the best stuff is. But I'll, I then dig in deeper and find like what tours I'd want to do or do. I want to rent like a guide to take me through the fjord so I don't have to be on like a ferry or whatever. And I, and I found like a boat and a captain and took that, you know, on my own to see like what's the best fjord of all the fjords, what's the most beautiful and kind of dive in that way. So I like to make sure that it's. I don't like to be hyper scheduled where I get there and know what I'm doing every single moment. But I like to have a loose formulation every now and then like an opera or something has to be scheduled. But I like to have a loose idea of a guide that I can meet up with. Have that have one set for like the first day to get lay at a land and then that point going forward be able to play things by ear but have an idea of what that might be.


Moderator (00:21:40 - 00:21:57)


Okay, how do you go about your allergy? Do you, do you took to the hotel or you know, if you're, if you kind of accept that you're not going to eat in the kitchen or you're not going to eat from the hotel, do you say nothing? How do you normally approach it?


JAM-Participant 1 (00:21:57 - 00:23:55)


There's certain hotels, like there's one in Mexico, Nizuc that actually has a separate kitchen and the Four Seasons in Saint. I want to say Saint Martin, but I think it's Saint Thomas has a separate kitchen for shellfish. So I will ask them to because some hotels are doing it and I think it's so that they can have a kosher kitchen for some people. But so I pay attention to that and so I'll ask and if they say yeah, you actually we. I've had tours of like the, the Four Seasons took me on a tour of the kitchen there. Look, it's totally on a separate side and I was like oh okay. But I do ask that in an email with the, with the hotel. I don't actually like the new deluge of information that comes from a hotel like like six upcoming you're coming to stay with us. What can we do A hundred times and then you get there and you get 100 emails. Especially if they don't do it. Like, like the one in the hotel in, in Munich I think because we were going for no reason but Taylor Swift was staying there at the same time. It didn't matter how stupid my request was. They forgot. They were like they couldn't do anything right. It was like the weirdest experience where you couldn't ask for the smallest thing. But if I tell you they emailed me like a million times before my initial check in to ask what they could do. They gave them the little slipper thing, like, oh, it would be nice if we could have. Because it was an anniversary trip and they weren't able to do it. And I was like, if you don't do it, that's fine. But like, the seven emails leading up the ramp up was crazy. But one of the things you email me, I'll say, oh, by the way, if you do a token, sometimes they have like the token gift when you check in, they have something in the room. And I'm like, oh, if you can make sure that's shellfish free. Because then if my wife eats it, she, you know, at least not.


Moderator (00:23:55 - 00:24:11)


Yeah, so do you. You don't warn the hotel in advance. It's just, you know, you kind of, you go, or is it how they manage shellfish in the kitchen? Consideration for you to choose a hotel.


JAM-Participant 1 (00:24:12 - 00:24:51)


It does figure in, but most of the time I just let them know I actually plant that seed. Like, they'll send an email. Is there anything we can do, reservations we can make? Oh, like there was a hotel we stayed in in Zurich two summers ago and they sent me a bunch of emails that they had a restaurant doing a very special food program. And I actually wrote back and said, thank you so much for. Because it was like seven times they invited me to that food to make a reservation. And I was like, I can't eat at your hotel whenever there's shellfish in the kitchen. The cross contamination is dangerous for me because I'm hoping that maybe enough people will say that to hotels that one.


Moderator (00:24:51 - 00:24:54)


Day there may be part awareness, part.


JAM-Participant 1 (00:24:54 - 00:25:23)


Protection, more awareness, because it's like, I'm not going to eat there. I just want you to know why. And because the Four Seasons at the, that I was talking about in the Caribbean, I went for a wedding years ago and I couldn't eat anything. And then when I went back, that's, that's when I told them, oh, I can't eat anything. And they're like, no, no, no. We changed everything. And it was like, oh, okay, great, now I can. And that, you know. So it's worth saying just in case something has changed.


Moderator (00:25:23 - 00:25:45)


Definitely, definitely. What are the things that you like to do when you are in the hotel? So do you normally. I mean, it gives me the impression from what you say that you, you go out and visit the city a lot. But when you are in the hotel, what are the things, things that you'd like to.


JAM-Participant 1 (00:25:46 - 00:26:19)


Started taking Advantage of the spas, getting massages, especially if we're really doing days and days of walking and tours to have that last day or one of those days be reset for the body. We use the gym, my wife can eat anything and so oftentimes we like to, you know, sit in the restaurant, especially if it's got a fun atmosphere. And I, even though I can't eat, I'll eat before I sit and, and you know, and then we like to still participate in everything. So we definitely take advantage of that. Especially if there's like a roof deck or something and you get a sense.


Moderator (00:26:19 - 00:26:32)


Of where you are besides the massages. Unless you do that at home. Like, are there things that are out of the ordinary for you too that are out of the ordinary?


JAM-Participant 1 (00:26:32 - 00:26:37)


Ordinary, gosh.


Amy (00:26:39 - 00:27:02)


We sort of have been talking a lot about how when you're at a hotel, it sort of gives you license to do things very different than you do normally. So if you're an extrovert in normal life, you might want to shell up a little bit around the corner and just sit down the book. Or if you're kind of a little bit more reserved normally, maybe you can, you know, have a, have an extra drink and get a little wild. So like hotels sort of let you be a slightly different person sometimes.


JAM-Participant 1 (00:27:02 - 00:27:57)


Sometimes, yeah, that's true. I think we lean into luxury a little more. I actually think we're really low maintenance people. And then when we travel we're like, oh, we could be like, we can have things be a little. Yeah, more elevated. Like we will. Like we, we. I have a, I've been given two massages to get at this five star hotel we have in our little town and they were gifts to me and I don't make time to use them. I will because I feel rude not to, but like, I'd never do it for myself and I'm barely making use of the free one. But when we're traveling, I'll be like, no, let's lean into all the perks of being here. But yeah, I think we just do a more elevated version of our normal lives. So we're social anyway. We're social here, but there we'll put ourselves in a crowded room, just the two of us, rather than if we don't know anyone, you know, we're open to meeting strangers and yeah, I like.


Amy (00:27:57 - 00:28:00)


The term we're a little bit more elevated version of ourselves.


Moderator (00:28:00 - 00:28:03)


Yeah, definitely.


JAM-Participant 1 (00:28:03 - 00:28:20)


Yeah. Because we are actually low maintenance. It doesn't sound like it, but when we travel we're like let's like do the high maintenance thing, but kindly. I don't mean like, let's be nasty to people. No, it's like. No, it's be warm, but, like, be open to having things done for us that we would normally do for ourselves.


Moderator (00:28:23 - 00:28:38)


And what about use of digital services? So apps or, you know, requesting you to check in or check in in advance, stuff like that, what is your level of comfort with that?


JAM-Participant 1 (00:28:38 - 00:31:42)


I'm very tech savvy, so I'm very comfortable with this. Shift over to the apps that everyone is doing. I am so annoyed. I have on my phone all of my different types of apps are organized because I'm one of those kind of people, if you couldn't tell. My travel thing is getting really annoying. Like, I have pages and pages of trains and hotels and airlines and now this wonderful app called TripIt where you can put everything in one place. So I could be like, what hotel am I staying at there? But I am so annoyed with like, just like the. Now you have to download this app to get into. We went to Vegas for to see something at the Sphere to download this app to enter the parking garage. And if you don't download this app, you can't even get into the parking garage. And I'm like, I can do this. I don't know that my wife could, but it would take her. She'd have to pull the car over to the side, figure it out. And then I know a ton of people that are my age even, and it's not like we're old yet, but like, they would not be able to do it or if they did, it would be a real struggle. And then you get into the elevator and you have to use your app to unlock the elevator. I'm not into it. So I, even though I can do it really easily, I want to be able to, like, continue my phone call and do something or look at my map and do something or whatever it is. Especially because I'm working when I travel. I am still working on deals at home. And to have to flip out of something to get access to a room or whatever is getting really tedious. So I know that the world is advancing in this way, but it's not seamless. And I would much rather talk to a person, get to a front desk, talk to a person and have them hand me a key. And different keys and different hotels are really cool. Like, I like when you go to little inns in Europe and you. I'm so like my first trip to like the. To ski in The Alps. I was given, like, the big medallion with a tiny key. And I didn't know you were supposed to give it back before you. All day, the first day with this giant metal medallion in my. In my clothes. And then my friend that I went with was like, oh, honey, that's back. Like an inn. Like, and then you leave the hotel. But I love that. Like, I like seeing how different those do keys. And I miss. I'm starting to miss that already. So my wife especially hates. She's not bad at tech, but she has no interest. So we request keys. And it's the only time I'll, like, check in on an app is if I'm at a hotel airport. Because if I have a very early flight, I'll stay at a hotel airport, so I can roll across the street instead of leave three hours early for the airport or whatever. But.


Moderator (00:31:42 - 00:31:43)


Yeah.


JAM-Participant 1 (00:31:43 - 00:31:47)


Yeah, so I have an opinion on that.


Moderator (00:31:49 - 00:32:08)


Interesting. No, I like that. And also like how, you know, the hassle of downloading an app just for part of the service, you know, like, or part of your journey, and then how intuitive those apps are is. Is almost like Mission impossible.


JAM-Participant 1 (00:32:08 - 00:32:35)


Yeah. Like, if there was a universal app, like, someone came into the business and was like, a lot of hotels signed on for that app. Yeah, that's different. And. And that would be an interesting business, maybe. But they try and personalize it so much, and they. They act as though that's a benefit to you, but it's like, no, no, no, no. You're the 500th app for that. Like, and it's not like I'm only staying at one hotel chain, so, like, it's insane.


Moderator (00:32:36 - 00:32:55)


Yeah, absolutely. No, I. I get your point on that. And touching on that a little bit more. Like any other things that you find disruptive or annoying or unnecessarily intrusive or that you simply dislike. And in your hotel experience.


JAM-Participant 1 (00:32:58 - 00:34:03)


I. I think it's just the. The ramming of technology into things. I do. I'm liking that the TVs are starting to allow you to have a personalized experience where you can log into your own streaming. That's nice, because late night, go to bed very late. So if we come home and it's like two in the morning and we're, you know, like, let's watch something before we go to bed, and it could be like a show we're trying to finish up elsewhere, that's pretty great. But, yeah, I just don't. I don't like the depersonalization. I think, you know, if we if we didn't feel like interacting with people, we wouldn't be putting ourselves out there in the world. So going to travel if we didn't want to talk to people and so having fewer people at the hotel. Like, I walked into a ghost town in Vegas and it was a hotel and I'm like, where is the staff? And we never stay. You know, we didn't stay there again because we're very close. So that's an easy place to hop to for a show. And we switched hotels just so that we'd have a feeling of it being alive.


Amy (00:34:03 - 00:34:05)


Alive, definitely.


Moderator (00:34:05 - 00:34:23)


Definitely. Now let's gonna shift gears a little bit. And we wanted to talk to you about hotel ratings. Normally, like, what is the category that you will choose for staying?


JAM-Participant 1 (00:34:25 - 00:34:38)


That's funny that you say that, because I just, I saw something online and I took a screenshot of it because I was interested to go like, oh, when I'm researching hotels, I want to look into this, like ultra luxury versus luxury versus premium luxury.


Moderator (00:34:39 - 00:34:40)


And.


JAM-Participant 1 (00:34:42 - 00:35:06)


Yeah, and I'm like, I, I. The, the ultra luxury are the ones where I'm like, I want to try that hotel. It doesn't matter where it is, preferably somewhere I haven't been. So I get the dual new experience. But I typically do not stay below the luxury level unless the premium luxury is all I can really find in that city.


Moderator (00:35:07 - 00:35:23)


And how do you assess that when you're. I mean, obviously if you, if your choice of hotels come from a trusted source like your friend, but otherwise is stars, does it mean anything to you?


JAM-Participant 1 (00:35:23 - 00:36:26)


Stars do, do mean something to me. Although every now and then I'll be like, that hotel felt nicer than four stars. And it's just, it's the. And I'll end up staying there. Like when we were in Scandinavia, they didn't. There were. Some of the towns are so small, like Stavanger, you know. And I'm like, I couldn't find anything that was above four stars. But it was a really phenomenal experience. But I mean, it wasn't service. It was more aesthetic and vibe. And so I don't get too thrown like that. I wasn't like, well then forget it, I'm not going. I was like, no, of course I'll go. And that looks great. And then I had a great stay. So I guess to a point it makes a difference. If there are two hotels in town, one's four, one's five, I'll look at the five. But if the five looks really tired or has bad reviews, like, it wasn't worth the money. Yeah. Then rather spend less money and have a really nice experience. I can do that. I'll do that. So it has, it has some make some difference to look at the star reviews, but I guess more personal reviews.


Moderator (00:36:27 - 00:36:54)


I mean we've had as well like four stars or five stars in Spain doesn't mean four stars in the, you know, like there is, you know, like there are different countries that kind of. Yeah. Give different ratings on different standards. And it's interesting, like understanding how people assess what is the right category of hotel for them.


JAM-Participant 1 (00:36:54 - 00:37:51)


Right, right. For me, I was, when I was looking at that list of like, what's ultra luxury versus luxury? And I was like, oh, that's interesting. The Maybourne, like, that's not where I'd want to stay, but that's. It's good to know that that's considered like ultra luxury. I actually had more fun at the Edition like, you know, so it doesn't always figure in. But, but like when I was looking at, at Doha, I was like, oh, yeah, that seems bonkers and I want to see what that's about. Even though. Yeah. But then again, I was like, oh, the seven star I. In Dubai, I think it was, I was like, I'm not sure which it was. I think it was Dubai, but I'm like, oh, I don't. That's. That aesthetic is going to make me stressed. So I'm going to go to the five star. That is the same chain and has the same service, but maybe similar service. But yeah. There's certain things I'm just not going to take advantage of when I can't eat anyway. So.


Moderator (00:37:52 - 00:37:58)


Yeah. Does the term lifestyle hotels mean anything to you?


JAM-Participant 1 (00:37:59 - 00:38:32)


Yeah, yeah. It's actually on that list that I downloaded was like ultra luxury, whatever. And like the lifestyle hotels being like the Nobu hotels and, and Bendy Edition and the Kimpton and things like that. That's to me, like I, when I looked at that list, I was like, oh, yeah, that's how I see those. Some of those chains and I, I like those. If I'm doing, if I'm going to a city just to see the opera, I want to be in the mix and have some liveliness to it.


Moderator (00:38:32 - 00:38:33)


Yeah.


JAM-Participant 1 (00:38:33 - 00:38:45)


And I want to like the look of the room, but. And I want it to be nice. But this. I'm really not going to take advantage of any of the services. And yeah, I've had very, especially the Edition. I've had very good stays. Yeah.


Moderator (00:38:45 - 00:38:57)


And what do you think it's in Kimpton as well. And what do you think? It's. It brings them into that category of lifestyle. What are the characteristics of hotels like that?


JAM-Participant 1 (00:38:59 - 00:40:37)


I feel like it's not, it's not like it's poor service. It's just like there, there aren't a lot of frills. It's not like I'm gonna indulge in a spa there. I don't even know if they have them. But the room has a great minimalist and like the rooms that I'm thinking of for these hotels, like the Thompson and SLS and all that, they have a minimalist aesthetic, very chic, mellow. The bars are lively in those hotels, but the rooms themselves do have a really nice current, calm esthetic and oftentimes wood floors, which I know that sounds dumb, but like in terms of just not wanting to feel like you're in an old, dirty, stuffy, tired place, it feels really good and fresh. So I like that. I used to like the W and now and, and I, I love Skylark Airlines, but the hotels, I always feel like, is it going to feel like a w where some 20 somethings have trashed the room? It was designed well, but then carpets been like stained and you know, will it have a dirtier feel? And I feel like, like Acme could go at, could be in that lifestyle hotel mix. I don't know if they consider themselves that, but I feel like they're less Edition and more W. And I stopped staying at W's a while ago because I felt like every room I was in was tired. Even though I liked the aesthetic, I always hesitate to book a Harborline Hotel, like in Vegas or whatever, because I'm like, is it gonna have that feel?


Moderator (00:40:38 - 00:40:42)


And have you ever stayed in a Harborline Hotel?


JAM-Participant 1 (00:40:43 - 00:41:13)


No. And I do follow it. Like I followed the cruises because I liked where they were going and the itineraries and, and I look at the hotels and then I get nervous that it's gonna be too, not too young and fun because I don't mind being around the kind of fun, even if it's not the kind of fun I want to have. And my wife is even more so that way where she's like, I like people watching. She's a writer, you know, she wants to watch people get messy. But I don't want the room to feel messy because of the people that were last in it.


Moderator (00:41:14 - 00:41:28)


Absolutely. And in terms of service or ambience and vibe, right. Like, I get the, the, the kind of aesthetic and. But in terms of service, what would you expect from a Harborline Hotel.


JAM-Participant 1 (00:41:31 - 00:42:10)


I would expect it to feel like a W where it's like, like all the other like lifestyle hotels and like the Thompson where it really didn't feel like there were bells and whistles, but everyone there was really professional and it was well run and you could make a request and they would, you know, they'd facilitate. But it's not, it's not anticipatory. Yes, it's more on request and. But like, but that they could handle it. It seems like it would be well managed and then I'd like the aesthetic of the room, but yeah, I'd worry about it's. It's if it was tired or not.


Moderator (00:42:11 - 00:42:23)


Yeah. What about the people staying there? So you mentioned some youngsters and stuff like that. What do you imagine the people that will be like?


JAM-Participant 1 (00:42:24 - 00:42:47)


I could totally be wrong. So I'm open. Like this is just my opinion. The vibe to me feels like partying 20 somethings. Okay. Imagine going and seeing like a bunch of people midlife going like, let's just have a great drink and meet people and hear about their interesting work lives. I just imagine like stag dudes and people like.


Moderator (00:42:50 - 00:43:01)


Yes. Who do you imagine not staying in that hotel? In a Harborline Hotel? Tell is there like, like.


JAM-Participant 1 (00:43:03 - 00:43:23)


Like older. I don't imagine people in their 40s and 50s that are married and settled or I mean even if they are, I imagine them meeting up with other couples and in a more celebratory way and it not being like a, like a refined tourist traveler.


Moderator (00:43:24 - 00:43:36)


Yeah, yeah, yeah. And you mentioned. Well, I don't know if Acme is considering, you know, in the category of lifestyle, but how high end would you expect a Harborline Hotel to be?


JAM-Participant 1 (00:43:39 - 00:44:25)


Well, I feel like lifestyle hotels like Nobu have a real elegant feel and the addition does not have a real elegant feel. Even though the aesthetic is really like. It has that great minimalist chic. But. And they. And I feel like the addition had really young, really young skew in some of them, especially like in London. But for some reason it doesn't feel messy. Although I'm sure lots of messy nights start there at the bar, you know, but the rooms don't like the, the energy didn't feel messy and I feel like Acme. I don't see it quite fitting in there, even though it feels aspirational to that.


Moderator (00:44:25 - 00:44:26)


Yeah.


JAM-Participant 1 (00:44:26 - 00:44:41)


So. And I feel like W doesn't fully belong there as much as it used to. I think it started out that way and kind of took a left turn and. Yeah. But I'm not sure that I'M right, though. Yes.


Moderator (00:44:41 - 00:44:46)


Is there something that Acme could do to fit better into that category, you think?


JAM-Participant 1 (00:44:49 - 00:44:50)


I think, yeah.


Amy (00:44:50 - 00:44:52)


How could they signal that?


JAM-Participant 1 (00:44:53 - 00:45:06)


Yeah, I feel like it would be. There's something in the marketing that makes it. That makes me feel left out.


Moderator (00:45:07 - 00:45:08)


Okay.


JAM-Participant 1 (00:45:08 - 00:45:10)


Where it's like, oh, that's not for me.


Moderator (00:45:11 - 00:45:11)


Explain.


JAM-Participant 1 (00:45:13 - 00:46:03)


And it might be that they're, they're. I mean, I'm also a generation that's used to Acme as a record label, as a, you know, with the Branson energy. And so I think of it more as a rock and roll brand. And I love, I love the Acme American Airlines. And it was like, you know, definitely more rock and roll airline that was more irreverent. And so I think of the brand as irreverent. So I think something marketing wise would have to shift from, we're not playing by the same rules, but we can still anticipate what you need. Like, and that's the shift that I haven't felt. It still has a more like, we're irreverent, we're different. And it's like, all right, irreverent isn't elegant. So I. I don't know how you're going to take care of me when you're flouting all the rules.


Moderator (00:46:05 - 00:46:24)


Understood. Understood. And if you were going to give Sir Richard Branson some advice, right, about their hotel business, what would you say.


JAM-Participant 1 (00:46:27 - 00:46:28)


For Acme?


Moderator (00:46:29 - 00:46:50)


Yeah. How can they make the experience amazing for guests? Or how can. How can they connect up with other Acme companies, for example, airlines or cruises or. Yeah, how can, how can they. What can they do to make hotels feel exciting and different?


Amy (00:46:50 - 00:46:59)


I like the way you phrase the. Dave, if you were able to go have dinner with Richard, just kind of sit down and chat with him and just say, here's kind of some thoughts. What would you say?


JAM-Participant 1 (00:47:00 - 00:48:39)


I would. I would say that if I felt like I could get on a Acme flight from LA to London and check into a Harborline Hotel in London as a flagship hotel and know that that experience was indicative of the rest of them, it would make me feel more confident taking a leap to some of them. It makes me nervous to see that, like, one of the first hotels I heard of for Acme was in Vegas because it double. It like, doubled down on that, like, oh, they're a party brand. They're a young party brand. I would. But my association with the airline is upper class flight. Get off the flight. Incredible lounge coming in out of Heathrow or whatever. If there was. If it's so. It's not that I don't have confidence that it's well run once I get there, but it's about who I might find. And if there were more tethers in the atmosphere to the elegance of the elegant sides of the brand, then I. I would have more confidence to take the leap. But it's. It's interesting. Not because of this call, but in the past, I've been in Vegas and walking around with my wife, and I'm like, should we just walk over there and see what it's like? Because I'm, you know, I don't know. I'm curious. And especially because I've been part of the surveys and stuff. Like, I wonder what's going on over there. But we hadn't done that. But, like, that's an interesting thing to go. Like, I need to know what it is before I go. I don't trust. Yeah, yeah, I get you.


Moderator (00:48:40 - 00:48:42)


Interesting. Thank you.


Amy (00:48:42 - 00:48:45)


So I almost feel like we should send you out there and report back.


JAM-Participant 1 (00:48:45 - 00:49:15)


Totally. I would do it. I would do it. Very good. So notice there are brands like Hyatt's have done that where they. They have offered me, you know, three nights for this price or whatever. And it sounds so cheesy, but I. I'm someone that likes to go and do that much where every now and then I'm like, that's inexpensive. I'll try that. Like, that's an. And then I've been like, I've gone back to those places because they're near my family or whatever.


Moderator (00:49:15 - 00:49:15)


Yeah.


JAM-Participant 1 (00:49:15 - 00:49:32)


And maybe they aren't a place that I. A destination destination. But I went for, like, Thanksgiving and it was close enough by where I'm like, oh, I had a good stay there. That was a reliable hotel. So those kinds of things, I think would maybe introduce you to people that could then create word of mouth. Possibly.


Moderator (00:49:33 - 00:49:38)


Absolutely. Yeah, absolutely. Chaps, do you have any other questions?


Amy (00:49:38 - 00:49:43)


No, no, I got tons. But this is one of my favorite. This is one of my favorite interviews yet.


JAM-Participant 1 (00:49:44 - 00:49:45)


Oh, you're so sweet.


Amy (00:49:46 - 00:50:01)


In terms of. As a musician, and obviously you. You do understand the heritage tie into music. I'm curious about what. What role music takes in your stay at a space like this.


JAM-Participant 1 (00:50:01 - 00:51:18)


Oh, interesting. I feel like as much as I like elegant spaces, I still like music that is contemporary. And even though I love opera and classical, I don't want to be sitting in a hotel lobby with classical classical music playing, even if I listen to it in my downtime. I like when they play a good mix of old and new. But like old, old classic. Like old classic rock and then new pop hits in a well curated playlist. So I'm still, I'm not too old, but I think it makes a hotel feel fun. Like if I'm sitting in an addition lobby and they've got a good mix going on, I definitely would hang out there longer. Whereas if it feels stuffy, I'm out of there. If it feels too young, where it's all young pop hits, I'm like, oh my God, that messy stag party is, is hammering shots in the corner and screaming along the Olivia Rodrigo, I'm out of here. If it's a mix, if it's mixed in with like, you know, a great. Yeah. Great old stuff, then I feel like there's. Everyone's kind of mixed. It feels indicative of the crowd. Right. Like if it's the music mixed, you tend to have a more mixed space.


Amy (00:51:19 - 00:51:22)


Did you ever get a chance to stay at one of the Ace hotels in the Pacific Northwest?


JAM-Participant 1 (00:51:23 - 00:51:23)


Yeah.


Amy (00:51:24 - 00:51:27)


Do you remember they, they. They'd all have an instrument in the room?


Moderator (00:51:27 - 00:51:28)


Yeah.


JAM-Participant 1 (00:51:28 - 00:51:32)


That's so funny. In Seattle I went, yeah, yeah.


Amy (00:51:32 - 00:51:48)


So curious on thoughts on that. Like as a musician. And you talked about how rooms being curated or a lovely aspect earlier. And when you go in there, it's not kind of a cookie cutter place, but you go in there and there's, there's, there's an instrument or there's a, there's a turntable.


JAM-Participant 1 (00:51:48 - 00:52:28)


I actually use them. Like if there's, if there's a guitar sitting around, I do use it. I say that the ace because I only went to Seattle to do a glass blowing weekend, which sounds crazy, but it was walking distance to the place. I'm not actually an Ace hotel gal. And that trip, I was like, oh, the room is nice and minimalist. I like it. Zero service. But the view is really nice. And. But yeah, I liked that aspect of it and I liked, I like when there's like a turntable in a room and a couple records and request records from the lobby, things like that. But it wouldn't make or break my selection to stay there, but it would add to how memorable the stay was important.


Amy (00:52:29 - 00:52:42)


And then I kind of wanted to turn back a little bit on the curation. I like, I like your phrase around how the room just felt a little bit more homey and curated. What. What were those items that were there that made it feel like it was curated?


JAM-Participant 1 (00:52:45 - 00:54:22)


I really like like an espresso or a Keurig in the room so that you can have a slow morning without having to interact with people until you've had something that helps you interact with people. And like, I'm not a grumpy morning person. I'm just not. I don't have mental clarity until I've had some coffee and I don't want to. I don't feel social until I've had a little, you know. So I like a mini bar. I like coffee machine. I feel much more comfortable in a space that makes me feel like I don't have to interact until I'm ready. And then I like having something like that, like a phonograph or, you know, that like Soho House does that nicely where there's something that makes it feel a little more homey. I'm not a big drinker, so it doesn't have to be alcohol, just something that, you know, I, I, I think that it's nice when they offer you a bottle of water that's sealed. I hate when you're, they're like, here's a bottle of water we just refilled in your sink and, and then like you don't know who's last touched the inside of the bottle. I like a fresh bottle. I don't necessarily want my first bottle of water to be $20. Even though I don't keep close track. I don't. I feel like part of this day should be that you can maybe have a little water like that. But things that just make you feel welcome and that corners aren't cut like that is always nice. But I don't like scent when they leave those, like scented things with like the wooden sticks. Yeah. I don't want like a perfumed room.


Moderator (00:54:22 - 00:54:45)


Yeah, yeah, yeah. Very good. Thank you so much. Amy has been really wonderful to get to know you and to travel with you a little bit places and be in mini sleepers, you know, perfectly alive when you arrive and all this. And yeah. Thank you so, so much for taking.


JAM-Participant 1 (00:54:46 - 00:54:49)


Yeah. Fun hanging out with you too. It was fun.


Moderator (00:54:50 - 00:54:51)


Anytime.


JAM-Participant 1 (00:54:53 - 00:54:54)


Well, have a good New year.


Moderator (00:54:55 - 00:55:08)


You too. And yeah, well, they still. Oh, it's snowing in London, so imagine. Yeah. So. But yeah, thank you and happy New Year to you too.


JAM-Participant 1 (00:55:08 - 00:55:08)


Thank you.


Moderator (00:55:08 - 00:55:10)


Thank you both. All right, bye.


JAM-Participant 1 (00:55:11 - 00:55:11)


Bye.


Moderator (00:55:16 - 00:55:16)


Hey.


Amy (00:55:17 - 00:55:18)


That was my favorite.


Moderator (00:55:18 - 00:55:33)


Yeah, good. Very good. I'm just in the middle of. I cannot go back to the call and yeah, so it's, I just have. Just leave the call or end the call for any everyone.


Amy (00:55:33 - 00:55:34)


So just end it and I'll see you in slack.


Moderator (00:55:35 - 00:55:36)


All right, bye.
