Mark K

Moderator (00:00:40 - 00:00:40)


Hey.


Chad (00:00:41 - 00:00:42)


Hello. Hello.


Moderator (00:00:42 - 00:00:44)


Hello. Hello. How's it going?


Chad (00:00:44 - 00:00:47)


Yeah, my machine is acting up, so.


Moderator (00:00:47 - 00:00:50)


Yeah. What is happening?


Chad (00:00:53 - 00:00:56)


It's stuck on like 3% in the battery.


Moderator (00:00:59 - 00:00:59)


Really?


Chad (00:01:02 - 00:01:02)


It's not good?


Moderator (00:01:03 - 00:01:26)


No, not good. Let me move to two. Two, two to the desk. And probably, I mean, obviously if something blocks, probably some. It's good to know because if something blocks or whatever, I can, I can take the lead.


MAR-Participant 1 (1) (00:01:27 - 00:01:27)


Yep.


Chad (00:01:31 - 00:01:38)


Yeah, if I freeze up, you'll probably need to go for it. But I just restarted, so it should be okay. I've closed a bunch of the other memory hog ones, so.


Moderator (00:01:39 - 00:01:40)


Okay.


MAR-Participant 1 (1) (00:01:49 - 00:01:50)


Hello? I'm good, thank you.


Moderator (00:01:52 - 00:02:02)


Hi, Mark, welcome. Thank you very much for giving us a little bit of your time. Are you ready to kick off or do you need a minute just to arrive in land?


MAR-Participant 1 (1) (00:02:04 - 00:02:05)


Give me one second.


Moderator (00:02:06 - 00:02:06)


Sure.


MAR-Participant 1 (1) (00:02:09 - 00:02:10)


I just need to close the door.


Moderator (00:02:11 - 00:02:17)


No worries. I will start recording in the meantime.


MAR-Participant 1 (1) (00:02:26 - 00:02:26)


Okay.


Moderator (00:02:28 - 00:02:35)


All right. So welcome. Thank you very much for giving us your time today. Where are you based?


MAR-Participant 1 (1) (00:02:36 - 00:02:39)


I'm in the San Francisco Bay area.


Moderator (00:02:39 - 00:02:42)


In San Francisco. So very early for you.


MAR-Participant 1 (1) (00:02:44 - 00:02:50)


Yes, but these are my normal working hours. I have to overlap a lot with the UK and the EU


Moderator (00:02:51 - 00:04:07)


Right. Okay. Well, even more Thank you for, for actually making the time very quickly. So Chad and I are part of a research company called Hidden Strategy. We are working with Virgin in their hotels, talking to people very informally about their experiences in hotels and understanding a little bit more their kind of expectations on the Virgin brand in this area. So as I said, it's a really informal, chilled and laid back conversation. There's no right or wrong answer. And yeah, we would like to ask you some questions. I focus more on service, so my questions will be more about, you know, your experience, generally journeys and all that. And my colleague Chad, it's more about experience like apps, product, all this type of things. And yeah. So are you, do you have any questions or are you okay for us to kick off?


MAR-Participant 1 (1) (00:04:07 - 00:04:09)


I am ready to go for forward.


Moderator (00:04:09 - 00:04:26)


Okay, very good. So let's start with just yourself. Who is Mark? What do you leave? What do you do? Your family, your job, your home? What is your universe made of?


MAR-Participant 1 (1) (00:04:29 - 00:05:46)


I live in the Bay Area. I've been here for about 14 years now. I moved here from the Midwest. I lived in St. Louis before coming to the Bay Area. I work in tech. I'm a lawyer. I am an in house counsel for a cybersecurity company based in the UK So I travel to London quite a bit and other places. I am married I have a son and. Gosh, what else can I tell you? I travel for work quite a bit. I travel for leisure often, but not. Not frequently. And I'm a foodie, enjoy restaurants, and I am advocate of nutrition and fitness. So I have a regular workout regimen. I have a nutrition regimen that I meet every day. I have a nutritionist. Gosh. What else. What else would you like to know?


Moderator (00:05:46 - 00:05:50)


Okay, I would like to know where did you go last for leisure?


MAR-Participant 1 (1) (00:05:53 - 00:05:56)


Sicily and the Amalfi coast in October.


Moderator (00:05:57 - 00:06:00)


Nice. Very nice. Was it a nice trip? How long was.


MAR-Participant 1 (1) (00:06:01 - 00:06:14)


Was. 12 days. It's October 1st through October 12th. Went to Catania, Palermo, and then Sorrento and spent a little bit of time in Naples.


Moderator (00:06:16 - 00:06:23)


Nice. Interesting choices. Was it you with the family or who was.


MAR-Participant 1 (1) (00:06:24 - 00:06:37)


My husband and I went. It was actually a trip that we had planned quite a while ago, got delayed by the pandemic, and then we rescheduled it this year, finally.


Moderator (00:06:37 - 00:06:47)


All right, nice. Very curious about Palermo. I was there, like a few years ago, but very interesting place. Loved it.


MAR-Participant 1 (1) (00:06:48 - 00:06:53)


He has some family that originates from Palermo, which was one of the reasons to go there.


Moderator (00:06:54 - 00:06:57)


Wow. Amazing. Amazing place to be originated.


MAR-Participant 1 (1) (00:06:59 - 00:07:01)


Exactly. All right.


Moderator (00:07:03 - 00:07:30)


Yeah, yeah. So tell. Tell us a little bit of you, of your kind of approach to traveling, especially for leisure, you know, and memorable moments where. Where you have stayed in a hotel. So do you normally go for Airbnbs, hotels, or. And, you know, what actually matters for you when. When making those choices?


MAR-Participant 1 (1) (00:07:32 - 00:08:51)


I think if I'm going to be stationary and not moving about so much in a trip, then I would choose an Airbnb. I had a trip to Los Angeles last August where my son lives, and we had an Airbnb there for a weekend, and it was perfect because we cooked dinner for a small group, friends in and out. It was, you know, it was more of a home experience. And that was. That was perfect for us. If it's going to be travel and we're really out and about and, you know, not spending a lot of time in the. In the accommodation, then hotel is better. With the Sicily trip, it was different. I used a travel agent to help with the booking because we also scheduled cooking classes in each of the cities where we were, and these were smaller cities that I didn't know so well, so they have time to do all the research. Myself, I'm going to a city that I know especially for work, then I can know where I need to be, and I. I'd rather handle that travel myself. But that trip, I used a. A Travel agent.


Moderator (00:08:51 - 00:09:10)


A travel agent. And tell me about what makes a stay, whether it's, it's Airbnb or hotel, memorable for you and obviously memorable for the good reasons. Not that there were cockroaches in the room or something like that. Right. Like what makes it.


MAR-Participant 1 (1) (00:09:11 - 00:11:01)


I think it's a combination of factors. It's location and that's probably top of the list for me. You know, where I'm going to be and what that neighborhood is like. And you know that's going to change. If I'm traveling for work, I like the location to be consistent, meaning if I go to these cities, like I go to London quite a bit. So I stay at the Virgin Shoreditch because now I know Shoreditch. I know how to balance out, get a meal where I'm going for work, where I need to find things while I'm there. And that takes stress out of the trip for me. If I'm traveling for leisure, then not so much because that's a time to explore. And so the location is important, but in a different way. Now I want the location to be, you know, maybe center of the city so I can walk places and have that kind of experience or, you know, close to where maybe we get on a ship for a day or something. But that's why I put location at the top. I think also I'm probably, I probably at this point in my life tend to pick hotels that are above average. I, I don't think I'm in that luxury group because it's kind of very high end, but I'm probably just right below that because I'm kind of over the roughing it when I'm on a trip. So yeah, it's kind of why Virgin fits for me because I, I kind of like, I like clean surfaces and like the service they provide. I like their locations. I'm seeing a Virgin in New York when I travel next week.


Moderator (00:11:02 - 00:11:02)


Yeah.


MAR-Participant 1 (1) (00:11:02 - 00:11:22)


Because I know where that location is. I know exactly how that's going to work. So it's the, so it has to be a brand that I know. But there's, that, there's, there's something to that kind of upper end group of hotels that I kind of need to pick right now.


Moderator (00:11:22 - 00:11:34)


Yeah. If it was not Virgin, how do you go about on choosing a hotel? So if it's not brands that you know or you know, they are not located where you're going to travel to?


MAR-Participant 1 (1) (00:11:38 - 00:12:10)


I do use the, I'm an American Express Platinum member, so I use American Express the fine hotels and that service is pretty consistent. I can depend on their selections. And I get a number of benefits when I choose that because not only are they giving me points, but they give me hotel credits and they give me a free room upgrade and I get a late checkout and that stuff's pretty amazing. And the hotel honors that when I, when I show up there.


Moderator (00:12:11 - 00:12:30)


So you trust already the recommendations and obviously you get some perks of that. Do you use like if you are going to a hotel that you don't know it's a brand that you. It's not really doesn't tell you anything. Would you go and check on TripAdvisor or any reviews or something like that, or just blindly trust.


MAR-Participant 1 (1) (00:12:30 - 00:12:36)


Oh, I will definitely go to the hotel website so I can kind of see how they're.


Moderator (00:12:36 - 00:12:37)


Yeah.


MAR-Participant 1 (1) (00:12:37 - 00:13:18)


Representing themselves. I usually don't look at reviews so much, but between that and what American Express is saying about it, that's, that's usually enough for me. And there's two, there's two choices in American Express. There's fine hotels and there's, there's another group that's like a more limited group. So it's usually one of those. Sometimes the fine hotels can be just any hotel, but it's got to be the group that gives me that set of benefits that I'm talking about and that choices. Otherwise I'm just in this kind of sea of different hotels and it's just, it's too much. It's overwhelming to pick.


Moderator (00:13:18 - 00:13:42)


Yeah, it is. It, it is definitely. It's interesting that approach that you're taking on first gate of approved or, you know, trusted recommendation and then your, your own personal choices. That is, Is your approach the same for, for, for work or for leisure?


MAR-Participant 1 (1) (00:13:43 - 00:14:29)


Yes, very much so, yeah. And you know, there's something to, you know, accumulating the points and I've had an American Express relationship for so long, they've, they've treated me well when I had to have some help when the, the hotel or the cruise line isn't doing the right thing. I had a cruise book during the, the pandemic and I couldn refund and American Express gave it to me overnight and they handled everything on the back end. So it's a, it's a card I trust now. I also should say I have the, I have the Virgin MasterCard in there pretty good too. But it's the reason that I, it's one of the reasons I trust American Express with the hotel choice is I've got a fallback plan if Something goes wrong.


Moderator (00:14:30 - 00:15:02)


Yeah. And you mentioned like, you know, you like to choose hotels that are like a bit above the average or, you know, the economy type of service. What does it make it, but not luxury. So you're in between both. What is the standard of service or experience that you expect out of that category of hotels? If you could describe it.


MAR-Participant 1 (1) (00:15:03 - 00:15:23)


Yeah, it's, it's more than a nice room and it's more than there being a, a good restaurant in the hotel. And even not having a restaurant in the hotel isn't a requirement. It's something about the services and the, the decor and.


Moderator (00:15:26 - 00:15:26)


The.


MAR-Participant 1 (1) (00:15:26 - 00:15:52)


How welcoming the staff is. And you know, I can get a. I can go to Holden and it might be that and it might not be. I can go to Marriott. It might be that, it might not be. There's also something very unique about that experience. It's hard to put my finger on it. And I know that's what you're trying to get at here, what is to use your experience.


Moderator (00:15:53 - 00:16:36)


But no, like some, because some people have very, very reflected ideas of what constitutes for them the, the kind of benchmark of experiences they are looking for. Some people have told us it's all about the bed. Right. Like if, if there's not a good bed or a good, you know, bedding is not going to work for me or the, the kind of bar is probably the most interesting thing for me because it's a transition between where you live and where you are in the city or whatever. Right. So people have some ideas, but if you have not thought about it and you cannot put your finger on it, it's absolutely fine as well.


MAR-Participant 1 (1) (00:16:36 - 00:16:52)


I, maybe I can gravitate more toward what I like in the hotels that I do choose because that's where that shows up. So let me just grab two hotels that I've been at within. In the last six months. One is, is the, the Virgin Shoreditch.


Moderator (00:16:53 - 00:16:53)


Yes.


MAR-Participant 1 (1) (00:16:53 - 00:18:52)


I like that hotel because I know what that lobby is like. There's the, there's the bar with the record playing that goes on, on the first floor. I like the location. The bed is part of it. The pillow is a huge part of it. I should glad you mentioned that because I remember hotels that don't have good pillows and I don't go back when that happens. But the other thing that shows up with Virgin is they have, have things in the room that are, that are normal. I've got a coffee pot that I can heat water up in which lets me make either a protein Shake or Oatmeal in the morning. So I've got choices on how my morning's going to unfold. I choose the Virgin Shoreditch in particular because the basement is a gym. The whole. That whole floor is a gym. Not do my workout when I was in London. And so I choose Virgin almost. You know, that's probably one of my top reasons for being there. In addition to the neighborhood being a little less frenetic than soho is. So that's another reason. There are choices of restaurants close by. There's an Italian restaurant that's adjacent to that hotel that I can't wait to go back to. So that's a huge choice for me. In Los Angeles. And in Washington, D.C. there's a 1 Hotel which is the word 1 And it's a pretty limited brand. They don't have many locations, but they do it so well. And there's something about, I guess in both of Those examples, 1 Hotel there's something about it being less stodgy than a regular hotel. There's something. I don't know what the word is. It's trendy. It's a little bit hip. It's kind of a fun place to be.


MAR-Participant 1 (1) (00:18:52 - 00:21:03)


It's exciting to go to that location and there's interesting people that are walking in and out and, you know, to be part of that group for a while, that's probably a part of it as well. So that's. That's what I'm looking for. Because I can certainly notice if I have to go, oh, my goodness, I have to go to a place I didn't usually go to, and I pick a hotel just to make it happen for a day or two. Then it's. That experience isn't there that's missing. And it's. It's not. It's not the full experience that I can get in these other places. So I'm probably always looking for that kind of. That kind of. I don't know. I keep thinking of the word hip, but I don't think of myself as hip. I think of it as edgy or trendy or, you know, pushing the envelope a little bit. That's the kind of place that I want to stay. And that's why it's different for me. It doesn't have to be luxury, but it's also not the routine hotel. But it's like this different experience. It sits right there. And if I have to go for work, wow, that just. That adds so much to the time I have to be away now. It's now it's fun. Now there's something to that that I get to look forward to every day when I go back to that, that hotel that otherwise if I was walking back into Elton or Marriott would just be okay when I go. Sometimes they have to travel to Oxford when I go to the UK and those trips are pretty long because it's usually almost a five or six day study up there. And I stay in Oxford at a Marriott, Marriott Courtyard, which is in a good location. It's a nice hotel. The people are, were very nice. But that stay is just dreadful. I can't, I can't wait for it to be over.


Moderator (00:21:04 - 00:21:08)


So it sounds more like functional, right? Like a type of.


MAR-Participant 1 (1) (00:21:08 - 00:21:40)


Yeah, yeah. And it ticks. I don't know. It takes something out of me when it does that. If I stay at a place like the other two brand, you know, examples I gave, it adds some energy to my day and it kind of sets me off in a different way. When I leave in the morning and I come back at night. If I'm at that courtyard in Oxford, I'm like, you know, I'm kind of counting the days to get out of there. But also the day itself is like, doesn't have the same energy in it. So there's something to that. Yeah.


Chad (00:21:41 - 00:21:50)


How did you, how did you stumble on Virgin to begin with? Like it wasn't really in your sphere of American Express and you normally were staying in Soho. So what broke you out of that.


MAR-Participant 1 (1) (00:21:50 - 00:21:52)


Rhythm to go, you know, I'm like.


Chad (00:21:52 - 00:21:53)


To go check out Virgin.


MAR-Participant 1 (1) (00:21:55 - 00:22:43)


I took this job in June of 2019 and when I took this job I had to start traveling to London about every month in the beginning and before I had this job I had been on Virgin Atlantic and had a terrific experience like a couple of times. So I just decided at that point that's going to be the airline that I use because there's a nonstop between here and London and I didn't want to use British British Airways. And so then I started exploring the brand more and I saw the other pieces to the Virgin Group and then the hotels came along and so I kind of fit right in the fold. And then I got the credit card. So I don't know, somehow they captured me.


Moderator (00:22:44 - 00:22:45)


It became right.


MAR-Participant 1 (1) (00:22:45 - 00:22:56)


It's not, it's kind of strange that I'm a Virgin member sitting in the Bay Area. There's not. There used to be a Virgin hotel here in the Bay Area a while back. I don't think it's here anymore.


Moderator (00:22:57 - 00:23:07)


Yeah, it is changing for sure. What is the most memorable hotel you visited and you've stayed in and why?


MAR-Participant 1 (1) (00:23:07 - 00:24:10)


I knew you're going to ask me this. I've got to look up the name because it was on my Italy trip. So give me a second here. But it was in Sorrento. And one of the reasons that it was a fantastic hotel is because my travel agent had made a mistake in Palermo, where we were before we went to Sorrento. Yeah, they booked that hotel for 2026 instead of 2025. So they made it up to us by getting an upgrade at this hotel. And it was just, it was just fantastic. And you'd think I could remember the name if it was that good, but. Oh, it's on the tip of my tongue. Let me look at my email. Don't worry.


Moderator (00:24:10 - 00:24:14)


Don't worry. So I was telling Sorrento, but tell us more good about it.


MAR-Participant 1 (1) (00:24:15 - 00:24:15)


Yeah.


Chad (00:24:15 - 00:24:16)


Why was it so great?


MAR-Participant 1 (1) (00:24:19 - 00:26:14)


The decor was amazing. It had a history that goes back more than 100 years. It sets right on the. The Napoli Bay. Our room was this tall ceiling with this kind of built in bookcase behind the bed and there was a balcony and the view outside the door was Napoli Bay with Mount Vesuvius in the background and Napoli across the bay. The first night was a dinner on this covered patio where the city just lit up. The hotel is probably five or six stories tall. It's kind of built the side of the mountain. The artwork is just fantastic. I mean, it's kind of this contemporary decor that's made up of glass sculptures and paintings. One of the things that was notable about the hotel to begin with and this might have been because of the upgrade. I don't know how much air travel agent was involved with this, but the agent met us at the car that brought us to the hotel. We walked down this pathway and she put us in this kind of open air lobby and said, here's some wine, here's some cheese and crackers. And other people were floating in that. I'm having that. I'm going to go check you in and I'll be back. And she did that, came back, led us to our room and we weren't involved. We weren't like standing at a desk waiting around while they did paperwork. And that that experience was. Was terrific. I mean it just kind of unloaded and there was a moment there that, that obviously stuck with me, but I had never had that experience before.


Moderator (00:26:14 - 00:26:16)


That's interesting thing.


MAR-Participant 1 (1) (00:26:16 - 00:26:54)


Yeah, there's a lot of, there's a lot of different areas of that hotel, there's a, there's a courtyard, there's a little plaza. It's, you know, they recognize you when you go in and out. Virgin does it too. And it was just, it was kind of over the top. I mean I took pictures of that hotel with the moon behind it just because it was such a fantastic experience. But, and it was located central in Sorrento. I mean you could, we walked everywhere from there. I, it's, it's a place that I would go back to.


Moderator (00:26:55 - 00:27:00)


Sounds idyllic. And that check in experience sounds amazing.


MAR-Participant 1 (1) (00:27:02 - 00:27:07)


It was, it was over the top. And before we get off here, I have to, I have to find this name for.


Moderator (00:27:08 - 00:28:03)


Yeah, if you do, you can also send it later by email or whatever. That's absolutely fine. Can I ask you, like what Just like typically for you, what do you do once you've booked the room and before you arrive to the hotel? There's people who are very chilled, you know, and especially for leisure that are very chilled and especially if it's a hotel that you don't know very much. But other people like do spreadsheets look at. One person has told us we look at photos of the hotel every evening for a month before traveling just for us to get us used to the hotel and all that. But for you, what is like that period between, you know, you're going somewhere, you've booked a room and arriving there when what typically happens for you?


MAR-Participant 1 (1) (00:28:05 - 00:29:12)


I'll look at the map and I want to know what's right around it. So I'll look for, you know, what are restaurants, where could I have a drink if I'm, if I'm at work then, you know, what are my choices to be able to get to either mass transit or do I need to plan for a car? If I'm going to be in the neighborhood, then, you know, if it's a longer stay then maybe there's some services close by. I need to know where those are. You know, where can I, where can I buy a protein shake instead of get a meal or where can I go to a noodle shop instead of get a meal or you know, where can I, you know, buy things that I want to bring back to the room if I'm going to eat in the room, if it's, if it's outdoors, is there, is it flat enough and is it would accommodate running in the morning or the evening? So want to kind of know the area better. It's, it's. I don't do that so much when I'm choosing the same place over and over because it's that.


Moderator (00:29:12 - 00:29:12)


Yeah.


MAR-Participant 1 (1) (00:29:13 - 00:29:44)


Stability. But that those things are happening because it's taking the stress out of the trip. Whether it's leisure or work. It's letting me know what is this surrounding look like when I arrive there that otherwise I'd have to figure out on the spot. And I don't want to do that. I kind of want to know what's close by so that when I get there I'm kind of living in that neighborhood as opposed to figuring out the neighborhood.


Moderator (00:29:44 - 00:29:46)


Yeah, I understand.


MAR-Participant 1 (1) (00:29:48 - 00:29:53)


Tell is the hotel Bellevue Serene. Two words, Bellevue Serene.


Moderator (00:29:57 - 00:30:10)


Serene. I'll check it out. Sounds really cool. And how do you describe where it is? Sounds really amazing. I will, I will check it out.


MAR-Participant 1 (1) (00:30:11 - 00:30:26)


There were two weddings that happened there. When we were there, we had about a five night stay and they were both in this plaza and they were both very noisy. But you could tell that people were just fascinated with being in that location.


Moderator (00:30:27 - 00:30:49)


Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Amazing. Now let's flip it a little bit and talk about friction points or pain points. Right. Like what are the things that can ruin a stay for you or that can become. Yeah. Spoilers of your experience in there.


MAR-Participant 1 (1) (00:30:50 - 00:32:17)


I think it's, it's stuff that's more easily avoidable. I stayed in a hotel for work in Las Vegas a few years ago and I, I have to put my laptop into the safe when I'm not there. It's just something I have to do. And the safe malfunctioned and so I called the hotel. I couldn't get it open. They said they'll send up an engineer. They send an engineer, which was a young fellow in a maintenance uniform with crowbar. And this was how he was gonna engineer the, the safe open and my laptop's in there. So he got it done and it was fine. But that kind of. It's probably avoidable, that sort of thing. And I guess I've stayed in enough hotels. It's easy to see where hotels can recognize when they're providing that service and when they covered all those kind of regular things that they, they do every day. And when it's just absolutely missing and when I can notice that from one hotel to the next. And it's certainly a place I'm not going to go back to. But also it's, it's disappointing that they didn't identify the service level as being insufficient that way.


Moderator (00:32:17 - 00:32:27)


Yeah, yeah, yeah. That experience of your laptop being locked in, it sounds really stressful.


MAR-Participant 1 (1) (00:32:28 - 00:32:38)


It's a rare example there's probably, you know, it even could be human error. I don't know. But it was disappointing that the correction was a crowbar.


Moderator (00:32:39 - 00:32:43)


The interesting thing is that they knew how to fix it. Probably was not the first time that happened.


MAR-Participant 1 (1) (00:32:43 - 00:33:23)


Yeah. Yeah. I suppose one of the things that I find disappointing about Virgin is that when I book American Express, Virgin through American Express, I don't get the Virgin points because they say, oh, you got American Express points. And that is not my experience. When I book a hotel through American Express, American Express is giving me points because I paid American Express, but the hotel is giving me points because they stayed at the hotel. Yeah. And other places like the 60 brand, they recognize the difference and give me the hotel points in addition. So I'm not sure why Virgin makes that distinction.


Moderator (00:33:26 - 00:33:39)


I don't know either. But that is, that is definitely annoying. I would be annoyed if that happens because it is two, two brands that you're loyal to. It's not like one loyal brand.


MAR-Participant 1 (1) (00:33:40 - 00:33:52)


And it's consistent with the Virgin in Shoreditch That happens to me every time there. I've. I've mentioned it when I do the survey with Virgin, but they've never acknowledged them.


Moderator (00:33:53 - 00:34:02)


They never acknowledged. Okay, I'll. I'll look into it because that definitely. And it doesn't sound very Virgin to me.


MAR-Participant 1 (1) (00:34:02 - 00:34:05)


I'm surprised. Yeah. Very much so.


Moderator (00:34:05 - 00:34:06)


Yeah.


MAR-Participant 1 (1) (00:34:06 - 00:35:24)


I think the other thing I look for in a hotel, and this rarely happens, but if I find a hotel that has an amazing gym, I will stay there because I can do that efficiently. And it's, it's available, it's on the property, and I know that that is going to fit into how my, my travel days are going to happen. It's. It's a very, it's a very strong reason to pick Virgin shortage for the, for that. And I tell them that every time that I'm there. Most hotels don't have that. Usually it's a room where they've thrown a few things in the room. And I just do not want to be in that environment at all. The other thing that I'm doing in that space after booking and before the trip is I am looking for a place where I can find a gym while I'm traveling if the hotel doesn't have that. So maybe I found the right hotel, right location, then I'll find the location, the gym, you know, within the proximity of that hotel. So I did that with Virgin in New York. I'm there two days next week. I know where the Equinox is close to there. It all works. It's a block away. Now I have my neighborhood. I know where I'm going to be. That trip is kind of set.


Moderator (00:35:26 - 00:35:39)


Understand keeping your routine as stable as possible while you're traveling, especially exercise, that it's so easy to. To lose momentum and to. Yeah. See the effects in your body quite quickly.


MAR-Participant 1 (1) (00:35:40 - 00:36:23)


Yeah, absolutely. And the exercise is a big part of that. But it's also just kind of knowing the neighborhood. I have a friend who travels more than me for work and he actually identified it for me and, and not directly, but I was asking him about where he stayed and he said, I always choose the same neighborhood in the same hotel because it takes the stress out of the trip. And I thought, oh, that's what I'm doing. That's exactly what I'm doing. I thought I was just being stubborn about, yeah. Neighborhoods. I thought, no, I'm on a trip. I have a schedule. This is not a time to explore. This is a time that I need things to be efficient and work, you know, within a small amount of time.


Moderator (00:36:23 - 00:36:31)


So, yeah, it reduces the cognitive load of you understanding again, everything from zero. So, absolutely.


MAR-Participant 1 (1) (00:36:31 - 00:36:51)


Yeah. I knew about the Virgin in Shoreditch for a while and I just could not get myself to move from the Soho neighborhood to the Shoreditch neighborhood. But once I did, I am, I am sold. But it did take me a bit to make that transition over there because I didn't know the neighborhood.


Moderator (00:36:52 - 00:36:59)


Yeah. And I know very well the Italian restaurant you talk about next to Shoreditch


MAR-Participant 1 (1) (00:37:00 - 00:37:01)


I think it is.


Moderator (00:37:01 - 00:37:03)


Yeah. Manteca is really good.


MAR-Participant 1 (1) (00:37:04 - 00:37:05)


And check it. That's what it is. Yeah.


Moderator (00:37:06 - 00:37:54)


Yes. It's really, really good. So we call that in between, you know, like hotels, four or five star hotels that are not super luxurious. We call them lifestyle hotels. Right. Like they are not your average, you know, mainstream big chains. They are. They are not the hugely luxurious ones. We call them lifestyle. Are there any other brands or hotels where you have stayed or that you would like to stay in that kind of category that you can think of besides what you mentioned, 60 and virgin and you know, and so on?


MAR-Participant 1 (1) (00:37:54 - 00:38:00)


I stayed at the Bloomsbury a couple. Couple of times, which is close to the Soho neighborhood.


Moderator (00:38:01 - 00:38:01)


Yeah.


MAR-Participant 1 (1) (00:38:03 - 00:38:52)


And I can't remember the group that owns the Blueberry Bloomsbury, but I did try some other. Other hotels and it was not a consistent experience, which is kind of why I moved away from that brand. But I am, I am looking for that. That is the thing that I would. I would pick because there's plenty of cities That I go to where the Virgin brand isn't, isn't there. What I am relying on is American Express to kind of show me that I can get. I still have to do a lot of work once I have that American Express group in front of me because I don't want the ultra luxury hotel and I don't want the routine hotel. But every now and then American Express will pull the one in like 1 Hotel That's how I felt. 1 Hotel.


Moderator (00:38:53 - 00:38:54)


That's me.


MAR-Participant 1 (1) (00:38:54 - 00:39:06)


And then it kind of all fits together. But no, I would, I would love it if somebody directed me to that. Another group of lifestyle brand markets see that in cities that they travel to.


Moderator (00:39:06 - 00:39:12)


And is a term lifestyle hotel tells you something? I mean, does it?


MAR-Participant 1 (1) (00:39:12 - 00:39:40)


Yeah, it does. And I like it better than the term I was using because I don't view myself as hip. I view myself as, you know, all the things I'm looking for in this hotel, which I think is. Is. Yeah, it's that it's location, it's. It's what's happening when you're walking in the door. It's what's next door. It's the room experience. Yeah, I do like that description a lot better.


Moderator (00:39:41 - 00:39:57)


Is there something that you would like to see happening and that currently doesn't exist in experience? So, yeah, where, where there's room for you to expand on your. On landing the experience in the right way for you.


MAR-Participant 1 (1) (00:39:58 - 00:40:01)


Like something to add to the lifestyle.


Moderator (00:40:02 - 00:40:40)


Like, for example, I. For me, it will be very important that. I don't know that there are choices that I can get in my room for breakfast that are healthy and nutritious. Right. Without me having to go to the buffet in the restaurant or whatever. Right. Like, there's people, There are different things for people. And so far I have not found a single hotel where I can just find like a very simple, nutritious, light breakfast that doesn't require me to get dressed, get ready and go down.


MAR-Participant 1 (1) (00:40:41 - 00:41:40)


Yes, I put me in that category because sometimes I need that morning to work differently. If, especially when I'm working because I'm getting ready for something and I'm doing. I'm multitasking in that space. And so to go downstairs and, and have a breakfast, that's a luxury moment and I don't have that kind of time. So usually I go get what I need or I travel with my own food and I have it there, which is why that hot water pot makes a difference to me. The counter space, the, the utensils and the dishes available in the room and sometimes it's not there. I mean, I've eaten oatmeal out of a paper cup with those stir sticks, which is terrible you shouldn't be doing in a hotel. But, you know, it made the morning work. So I did it, I think, out of all. So I'd like to have. I'd like to have just a small amount of utensils available.


Moderator (00:41:41 - 00:41:41)


Yeah.


MAR-Participant 1 (1) (00:41:41 - 00:42:12)


You know, a bowl. But more importantly is I want space in the fridge. You know, if I. Even at virgin, I have to remove other things and set them out, but my stuff in. And then I don't know if I'm going to get charged for it. I don't know if how the tendon's going to treat that. But there's no room for me. There's. There's plenty of things for me to buy, but there's not room for me to live and use the things that are in the, in the room. Like the, like the refrigerator.


Moderator (00:42:13 - 00:42:14)


That's interesting.


Chad (00:42:15 - 00:42:16)


True, true.


Moderator (00:42:16 - 00:42:27)


Refrigerators are funny. And especially that now it's automated and you take out stuff and it gets. Yeah, it gets identified and yeah, if.


MAR-Participant 1 (1) (00:42:27 - 00:42:32)


There'S an electronic component to it, then maybe I got it just because we moved it. I don't know.


Moderator (00:42:32 - 00:42:47)


Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. What about the atmosphere or the, you know, like kind of peripheral services to your room and sleeping and being in a. In a room.


MAR-Participant 1 (1) (00:42:49 - 00:42:57)


I really appreciate the floor lighting, some kind of night lighting that's calming the room down.


Moderator (00:42:57 - 00:42:57)


Yeah.


MAR-Participant 1 (1) (00:42:57 - 00:43:20)


And the last thing I'm going to do in the room is turn on the overhead light. So I'm going to kind of figure out where that lighting's coming from and if there's something I like in it. Especially even in places I've stayed before. I like some kind of light to be on during this night because I know I'm going to be up and down and I don't want that room to be completely dark.


Moderator (00:43:21 - 00:43:22)


Yeah.


MAR-Participant 1 (1) (00:43:22 - 00:43:43)


But it's got to be. So it could be something as simple as, you know, what's going on in the. In the bathroom and I can crack the door open or something. But that's kind of a workaround. What it really needs is, you know, what's coming out from under the bed or is there a low level dim light that's in the bathroom that I.


Moderator (00:43:47 - 00:43:48)


Oops.


MAR-Participant 1 (1) (00:43:50 - 00:43:59)


Evening winding down. But also, you know, how it's kind of there during the whole night? That's. That's kind of important. That's important to me.


Moderator (00:44:00 - 00:44:02)


That's so interesting.


MAR-Participant 1 (1) (00:44:02 - 00:44:02)


Yes.


Moderator (00:44:02 - 00:44:08)


Lighting. Lighting in the room. I mean, it's so personal, right? Like. Yeah, I love that idea.


MAR-Participant 1 (1) (00:44:11 - 00:44:52)


And, you know, when I. I suppose part of the room, too is the. Is the. The window. I. When I'm in a. When I'm in a city. And it didn't always work out this way because it depends on the room you get. So it's. It's more of a. An extra. But I love leaving that. I don't like to draw the drapes. I mean, if there's a sheer there, I'll leave that. But I like the light of the city to be there when I'm falling asleep. There's. I've lived that since I was a kid, so that's just a personal preference. Something fun to do when it's available. It adds something to the room, too.


Moderator (00:44:52 - 00:44:53)


Yeah. If it's.


MAR-Participant 1 (1) (00:44:53 - 00:45:04)


If I travel with my husband, it's going to be shut up like a tomb. And there's not really light anywhere, so I don't have that choice. But if I'm by myself, then, yeah, that's what I would do.


Moderator (00:45:04 - 00:45:30)


Yeah. That's where competing, you know, things start. AC lighting, you know, it's. It's all the battles. Is there anything else about that experience that you would like to share with us on? What do we. What should we expect a good, amazing lifestyle hotel should have.


MAR-Participant 1 (1) (00:45:32 - 00:45:43)


The pillow is important. I'll come back to that. And I like a heavy duvet.


Moderator (00:45:45 - 00:45:45)


Yeah.


MAR-Participant 1 (1) (00:45:46 - 00:46:09)


And I don't care so much about the sheet. It doesn't have to be like a top sheet. There doesn't have to be a top sheet, but something like a heavy duvet that's part of the covers. And it's. It's not a quilt. It's not a blanket. It's. It's kind of that larger piece because there's. I don't know. That helps her sleep, I suppose.


Moderator (00:46:10 - 00:46:10)


Yeah.


MAR-Participant 1 (1) (00:46:12 - 00:47:27)


But if the pillow's off or if I can't get a couple pillows to work, then I'm. That keeps me awake at night. And drawers. I do unpack when I go to a hotel, even if it's for a couple of nights because there's enough travel that I don't live out of the suitcase. So it's. The first thing is a shower. Unpack, live in the room. And if I'm living in the room, then I kind of feel like I'm there. I'm part of the neighborhood, I'm part of the hotel, and unpacking is part of that. If the. If the room doesn't have drawers to it, then I'm doing a real workaround. And when I. I suppose one of the things I didn't like about that Courtyard Marriott in Oxford is I am using the drawer in the nightstand to put clothes in. And then otherwise there's a closet. And then I've kind of got clothes stacked and shelves here and there, which is okay for a few days, but I'm just kind of getting by. So I don't know if there's something. It sounds picky, but there's something that's not. I wouldn't live that way at home.


Moderator (00:47:28 - 00:47:29)


Yeah, of course. Yeah.


MAR-Participant 1 (1) (00:47:29 - 00:47:35)


Drawer that I can put things in that is there for accommodating clothes. Now I'm living in the room.


Moderator (00:47:37 - 00:47:46)


Makes sense. It makes sense to me. It's like, what are the minimum that you will need to feel settled in a new space? Right.


MAR-Participant 1 (1) (00:47:47 - 00:48:32)


And if it's a lifestyle hotel, and I'm really. And I really like the hotel that way, that makes me feel like a part of it now I'm living here. I was in that Virgin Shoreditch for 8 days the last time I was there. And so I unpacked. That was my neighborhood. That was home. And that was. I love that experience. I can't wait to do that again. And that's how I want to feel about a hotel when I go back to it. It's like, that's home when I'm there, and I get to be part of that lifestyle while I'm at that hotel. But all those things have to fit together. So the lighting's weird or there's a bad pillow, or, you know, I've got clothes stacked on a chair. That's. I don't live that way. That's not. That's not my lifestyle.


Moderator (00:48:33 - 00:49:17)


Yeah, that's not lifestyle. I agree. I agree with you. Now, let's talk about the Virgin brand, right? And especially when it comes to hotels. You told us how you got to the Virgin hotels, especially shortage and now New York and all that. But what would you. I mean, tell us more what your perceptions of the Virgin brand are, and how is that translating in good ways or bad ways into the hotel's experiences? I just need to say we don't work with Virgin, so we're completely neutral to that. So you can say as candidly as you want, you know, what do you.


MAR-Participant 1 (1) (00:49:17 - 00:50:40)


What do you think coming off that last description? I think. I think it is giving me a lifestyle experience. I get that when I'm on the. When I'm on the plane, I Think Virgin has some of the best seats I've ever been on. And those are long hauls for me. I mean, it's San Francisco to London, so that's, that's a minimum nine, nine and a half hours. And I sat on those seats for Delta and British Airways. And there's a difference. And I'm not, I'm not talking premium or first class. This is like, you know. Yeah, Comfort classic or Comfort Delight, whatever. They call this, like the high end main coach. And that's, that makes a difference. But I'm pointing that out because some of the same things show up in the, in the Virgin hotels as well. I think the check in experience is good. I get treated well. People recognize me when I'm going in and out. I enjoy the bar, I enjoy the restaurant. I know what to expect when, when I'm there. I don't think I've ever had expectations. Them not live up to expectations. Except for the thing, which is kind of weird.


Moderator (00:50:41 - 00:50:41)


Yes.


MAR-Participant 1 (1) (00:50:42 - 00:51:30)


And, you know, they certainly exceeded my expectations with that gym in the basement in Shoreditch. That's, that's, that's kind of. I don't know. They ever got rid of that, I'd be very disappointed. Not only personally, but it's like, why didn't they value that or did they not have other guests that valued that? I mean, I know it gets used because I'm not the only person down there. But I had the same experience in Palermo. This was a, a large hotel that was Central City and the whole top floor was a gym. And it was a surprise because I didn't know that I hadn't pick the hotel. But it was terrific that that was there and it added to the stay. I would choose a hotel again if I went back to it.


Moderator (00:51:32 - 00:51:38)


Very good. If you had any advice for Virgin Hotels, what would it be?


MAR-Participant 1 (1) (00:51:41 - 00:51:47)


There are cities I'm surprised they're not in, like San Francisco.


Moderator (00:51:47 - 00:51:48)


Yeah.


MAR-Participant 1 (1) (00:51:48 - 00:51:53)


And Chicago. It took them a while to be in London, for God's sake.


Chad (00:51:54 - 00:51:55)


They are in Chicago, Mark.


MAR-Participant 1 (1) (00:51:55 - 00:51:56)


Oh, are they?


Moderator (00:51:57 - 00:51:59)


I think they were. I don't know if they closed.


Chad (00:51:59 - 00:52:02)


No, no, no. Chicago's a. Chicago's a bit.


Moderator (00:52:02 - 00:52:02)


Chicago.


MAR-Participant 1 (1) (00:52:03 - 00:52:09)


I, you know, I haven't been to Chicago in a while, so I, I might have missed it, but Chicago's one.


Chad (00:52:09 - 00:52:10)


Of the first ones they opened.


Moderator (00:52:10 - 00:52:10)


Yeah.


MAR-Participant 1 (1) (00:52:10 - 00:52:30)


Okay. I would love to stay at their location and Las Vegas because they have the old Hard Rock Hotel there. So they're working on it. They're kind of pulling the Hard Rock pieces out of it. So It'll get there, but haven't stayed there yet.


Moderator (00:52:31 - 00:52:41)


Yeah. And what can they do to feel to make the experience a little bit more exciting or different? Any, any thoughts on that?


MAR-Participant 1 (1) (00:52:43 - 00:52:51)


I have never had. So I booked Virgin directly. Like the one when I go next week to New York. I booked it directly.


Moderator (00:52:51 - 00:52:52)


Yeah.


MAR-Participant 1 (1) (00:52:52 - 00:53:15)


And you know, they gave me an incredible price for New York. I think there's like a January thing going on. So that's good. And it's the reason I booked directly. But when I booked through American Express, there's not only the point thing there, but I have never gotten the, the room upgrade and I always get that from some other hotel that I book through American Express.


Moderator (00:53:17 - 00:53:17)


Great.


MAR-Participant 1 (1) (00:53:17 - 00:54:05)


And it could be, there could be good reasons for that. It's, it's based on availability, so I get that, but it's not ever shown up. I also have a hard time getting an earlier check in date with Virgin or earlier check in time. Like I always get whine about, well, if it's available, we'll give it to you. But it's never available like even 2 o' clock instead of 3 o'. Clock. But other places will give me noon. Like the Bloomsbury that I went to when I was in Soho. I could land at, you know, 7am in the morning, make my way to Soho, check in by noon and be in the room and you know, have a nap before the afternoon sets in. And I can't do that at Virgin. I've got to go sit in a hotel or in a, a restaurant or something.


Moderator (00:54:05 - 00:54:10)


Restaurant, yeah. Which is. Oh, it's the worst thing when you're from a. Yeah.


MAR-Participant 1 (1) (00:54:10 - 00:54:12)


When you're coming off a flight like that.


Moderator (00:54:13 - 00:54:16)


Yeah, definitely. Well, I don't know.


MAR-Participant 1 (1) (00:54:16 - 00:54:19)


There's small accommodations I'm seeing in other places.


Moderator (00:54:21 - 00:54:42)


No, but it makes sense. It makes total sense. Especially the whole kind of integration between the American Express experiences and Virgin. You know, if. Yeah, it, it feels that there's something in the translation of those two working together. So you, you get the full benefits of both. Really?


MAR-Participant 1 (1) (00:54:42 - 00:55:32)


Yeah, I think they're getting there. When I first went to the Shoreditch Virgin earlier, not this last couple of times, but the first time I went to there, I booked through American Express. And they give you. American Express gives you a hotel credit. 100, $200 hotel. But at Shoreditch, none. No, the only place I could use that credit was in the bar downstairs. And there's a, there's a restaurant at the top floor, but the restaurant is owned by a different company. I went Back most recently, they said, tell them you're on the American Express list and they will apply to the credit. So I did that, and I. I saw it as a kind of a maturation process where they're getting used to it, so maybe it's getting better.


Moderator (00:55:33 - 00:55:41)


Okay, we'll. We'll check it out because that's. That's. That's important anyway. We're gonna get a bit of a.


MAR-Participant 1 (1) (00:55:41 - 00:55:52)


No. See, these are not reasons I would leave the Virgin brand, but they are distinctions that show up that say, wow, they're not quite there yet in that integration with American Express.


Moderator (00:55:53 - 00:55:58)


Yeah. Yeah. Thank you. Very good. Chad, any other questions from you?


Chad (00:55:58 - 00:56:25)


I mean, one question I had was we were. We're kind of intrigued by the idea of when people go to a hotel, they get to live a bit of a different life than what they do at home. And it's actually been interesting kind of hearing you, Chad. You seem to strive, when you're moving into a hotel to actually make it feel like it's your normal life and living at home. But I just wanted to see if, like, when you're staying at a hotel, does that give you some license to maybe do things that you.


MAR-Participant 1 (1) (00:56:25 - 00:56:25)


You would.


Chad (00:56:25 - 00:56:28)


You would not normally do at home? Are you a little bit more social.


MAR-Participant 1 (1) (00:56:28 - 00:56:30)


Or are you a little bit more.


Chad (00:56:30 - 00:56:37)


Introverted or just curious on what that allows you to do? And if there's anything a hotel can do to facilitate that even better?


MAR-Participant 1 (1) (00:56:38 - 00:57:27)


I suppose it does show up, you know, in the Virgin Shoreditch, for example, I would go to that group bar and have a drink before going to the room or go back and forth. That restaurant that's on the top floor is go to the Manteca restaurant next door. I mean, these are things that I would include in my evening that I wouldn't include in my evening when I'm home. So that's a bit of a license. And. Yeah, otherwise. Otherwise, I want to feel like I'm part of the hotel. And that's. I think there's a license in that because. Because of the lifestyle, it's kind of giving me that kind of way. Way of living. But you make a good point. I mean, if you stepped into my house, I can't say my house looks like Virgin, but I do have. I am putting my clothes in drawers. So.


Moderator (00:57:30 - 00:57:53)


Very good. Thank you so much, Mark, talking to you today. And I leave with very vivid images in my head about that hotel in Sorrento, which I will check it out right after hanging off with you. And thank you so much for walking us through your experiences and talking to us about it.


MAR-Participant 1 (1) (00:57:54 - 00:57:58)


Happy to share. Thanks so much. And do check out the Bellevue Serene


Moderator (00:57:59 - 00:58:00)


I will do. I will do right now.


MAR-Participant 1 (1) (00:58:03 - 00:58:06)


To be disappointing, but it's, it's sort of an amazing place.


Moderator (00:58:06 - 00:58:09)


Definitely have a lovely rest of your day.


MAR-Participant 1 (1) (00:58:09 - 00:58:12)


Thank you. You as well. Nice to meet you both.


Moderator (00:58:12 - 00:58:12)


Bye. By.
