Meeting recording 2026-01-05 14:59

MEE-REC-Participant 1 (00:00:22 - 00:00:34)


Did you guys see my note on granola? Yep. Yes. Okay.


Josh (00:00:36 - 00:00:37)


You hide coloop.


Moderator (00:00:39 - 00:00:39)


Sorry?


MEE-REC-Participant 1 (00:00:40 - 00:00:45)


Can you hide coloop? Like if you hit the dot, dot, dot on the coloop square, is it there should be like a minimize or something.


Josh (00:00:45 - 00:00:47)


Yeah, I have a.


MEE-REC-Participant 1 (00:00:47 - 00:00:50)


Don't watch for me, but I'm not the owner of the thing.


Moderator (00:00:52 - 00:00:58)


I would have think that if you don't have video, but maybe not hide video.


Josh (00:01:07 - 00:01:08)


Hello.


MEE-REC-Participant 1 (00:01:08 - 00:01:11)


Hey. How are you? Very well, thanks, Janet.


Josh (00:01:12 - 00:01:25)


Apologies that you. Suddenly there's a bunch of different boxes on this screen, but it's. It's just the three of us, myself, Ava and Chad, and a thing that helps us record things so we don't have to make loads and loads of notes. If that's all right with you.


MEE-REC-Participant 1 (00:01:25 - 00:01:34)


That's perfectly fine. I'm a financial planner, so I'm used to making notes. And all the new technology has made my life much, much better.


Josh (00:01:35 - 00:01:40)


I think it's. I haven't worked out to save my life better yet, but we're working it out as we go, I think.


MEE-REC-Participant 1 (00:01:40 - 00:01:41)


Well, there you go.


Josh (00:01:41 - 00:01:42)


How are you doing today anyway?


MEE-REC-Participant 1 (00:01:43 - 00:02:02)


I'm good. I'm good. You know, we. I actually teach financial planning. And this is the first day back after the little winter break and it's cold and, you know, I'm fantasizing about my travels already. The first. First work day of the new year. Well, that's. That's it.


Josh (00:02:02 - 00:02:58)


That's a good thought. What we're talking about today, really, which is about travel and hotels and getting away from financial planning, ideally. Okay, I should probably introduce us before we start. So my name is Josh. Chad and Ava introduce themselves in a sec. We work for a company called Hidden Strategy, so we're working with Acme, who I guess got in touch with you to think about hotels and what makes a great hotel, what makes a memorable hotel, how hotel experiences can be the kind of things you want to stay in, really. And we've got a load of different things we'll talk about. Super loose. You know, there are no right or wrong answers at all, I should say, really. Just keen to get your thoughts and experiences, I think in terms of talking, I think hopefully you'll do most of the talking. I'll do quite a lot of talking. And Chad and Ava might chip in with a few questions as we go.


MEE-REC-Participant 1 (00:02:59 - 00:02:59)


Perfect.


Josh (00:03:00 - 00:03:02)


Hey, Vert. Chad, do you want to just sort of briefly introduce yourselves?


Moderator (00:03:04 - 00:03:06)


Of course, yeah. And lovely meeting you, Gina.


MEE-REC-Participant 1 (00:03:08 - 00:03:08)


Yeah.


Moderator (00:03:08 - 00:03:31)


I worked as well at Hidden Strategy. I'm more focused on service design. So I might be asking Questions about your journey, your experience and stuff like that. So, yeah, lovely meeting you. Just I'm going to start the second recording now, which is like, just to make sure that we don't lose anything from you.


MEE-REC-Participant 1 (00:03:32 - 00:03:51)


Yeah, no worries. Thanks. Hey, Jenna. Chad, Also strategy. My background is mainly in product, so always love these kinds of conversations because you kind of get into the skin of what the real challenges is and then you try to figure out ways to solve that. So as Josh said, I'll probably be hanging in the background just listening.


Josh (00:03:54 - 00:04:17)


Well, I guess before we, before we dive into the world of hotels, it'll be great to know a little bit about you so very, very quickly. Don't need to go into loads of detail, but yeah. What's your kind of family situation? What do you do? Financial planning or teaching? Financial planning, I guess. What, what your interests, your passions are, what really kind of makes life worth living for you.


MEE-REC-Participant 1 (00:04:17 - 00:06:56)


Sure. New Englander, my whole life. So east coast with a work detour to New York City for a little while. Once upon a time. But concrete is not my jam. So now just really quickly live halfway between New York and Boston. Literally it's an hour and a half either way basically. But lots of green and, you know, suburban. And unlike you guys, we don't have trains. We. Because we drive everywhere for the most part anyway. My background has been in finance by mistake mostly. I started off in sales and then was getting like these 401k statements in the mail and then my company lost a contract and I was like, well, this is interesting. And Fidelity had opened up an office down the street and so I went and got a job and figured they'd pay me to learn what I was looking at on that statement. And that's, gosh, 20, 26 years now later, you know, so have done a lot of everything, like corporate, sort of institutional consulting and finance, one on one service with clients in the financial planning space. Have done some product development, actually trying to expand financial planning to lower and moderate income consumers, which is really hard, you know. And then found myself teaching now. Happy accident. Friend of mine got the director job and said, hey, come work over here at Boston University, right? So that's me. I'm married. My wife and I are like six years married or together now. She had three children before we became married. And now though combined we have three grandchildren and another one coming. So that sort of changed the trajectory a little bit. I'd love to travel. I started off work traveling for years and then only now have transitioned to nicer places, I guess. Is probably the best way, like from the Holiday Inn Express to something nicer or traded the Holiday Inn Express points for something better. But we're also starting to. To now need to travel with the grandkids a little bit. So that's a, that's a new thing. Otherwise I like to walk and swim and snorkel and read and mostly introverted kind of activities.


Josh (00:06:57 - 00:07:25)


Sounds great. That sounds dreamy. Well, you sort of touched the point, Right. We're talking about travel and where to stay and whether ranging from the world of the Holiday Inn expresses through to things that might be a bit nicer and maybe also things in between things with grandchildren etc, etc. But I guess to start, it would be lovely to hear about if you can think of one, the most memorable stay you've ever had in a hotel. And I mean memorable for the good reasons, not the, you know.


MEE-REC-Participant 1 (00:07:27 - 00:07:30)


Memorable because I slipped and fell and.


Josh (00:07:30 - 00:07:35)


Exactly. And you know, just. We'd love to know a bit about what the most memorable one was in your mind.


MEE-REC-Participant 1 (00:07:38 - 00:08:09)


Two stories. So I'll give you two different ones. I. My grandmother was actually born in Glasgow and so she passed a, you know, decade ago now. But before she did, my mom had talked about like, I want to go to Scotland. I want to go to Scotland, like forever and just never would do it, never. And so for Christmas one year I just bought her a ticket and I was like, we're going hopefully may time frameworks.


Josh (00:08:09 - 00:08:09)


Right.


MEE-REC-Participant 1 (00:08:09 - 00:10:22)


You know, but we stayed at the Glasgow Marriott and it's, it's not the newest hotel in, you know, I mean there's, there's nicer hotels now in the city, but it was walkable to everything that we needed. But it smelled great when you walked in. Right. Which is kind of silly. The restaurant was actually pretty good, but the people were really wonderful. The shower wasn't because it had one of those high bathtubs in some of those older Marriott hotels throughout the uk. Right. But being there with my mom and bringing her to Glasgow for the first time, like that hotel was actually really great and memorable for really good reasons. Smell great when you walked in. The service was wonderful and they made my mom really feel welcome. So that one was important. But. But more recently, we just came back in September from the Ritz in Tenerife, Abama and everything there was great. Like, just great. Like the welcome was great. We stayed in the retreat. I don't know if you're familiar, but they have kind of a resort within a resort experience there and it includes like your breakfast in a oceanfront Location instead of up at the main area. And then like snacks at lunch, like tapas lunch kind of experience and some. Some drinks and cakes in the afternoon. But, like, the, the staff, like, remembered who we were. Oh, we held your seat for you and had, like, the drink waiting when we got down there. And I mean, the facilities, of course, were great also, you know, there's a nice pool and there are very few people and it wasn't crowded and, you know, but it was really the staff itself. And so. And then also the food was really great and not crazy inaccessible because I'm a little bit boring either. And so, like, if it's too crazy, then I'm like. But this was actually really lovely. And so the only problem was the ocean was slightly too cold for me and they can't control that.


Josh (00:10:22 - 00:10:42)


So for sure, not yet, anyway. That's really, really. It's really interesting. You kind of point to the staff and hotels come with all sorts of different amenities, etc. Etc. But the fact that it's the people who remember you're there and who you are, I think it makes a kind of a big difference.


MEE-REC-Participant 1 (00:10:43 - 00:11:46)


Yeah. And I'm not. Well, I can't. I've never had a butler or one of those things that like some of those really fancy hotels. And I don't know what that's like. I'm not sure I would want it. That feels slightly intrusive. Right. You know, but. But I did really, like, the woman's name was Georgetta at the retreat at the Ritz and Tenerife and was really nice every afternoon when, like, she had our drinks just waiting at the table so that we could have a pie of cake and, you know, kind of hang out. And that was fantastic. One thing I have, I never knew this about myself because I used to buy, you know, all my toiletry products at the drugstore or the supermarket and didn't really care. But like, the Diptyque toiletries at the Ritz, I feel like they've changed my life. They smell so good that, like, I bought some to bring home so that I can feel that feeling at home. Right. It's like holding me over till my next nice hotel experience.


Josh (00:11:47 - 00:11:53)


I mean, it's definitely in terms of holiday vacation souvenirs. Right? It's. Yeah, it's better than a sombrero.


MEE-REC-Participant 1 (00:11:54 - 00:12:28)


Yeah, for sure. You know, I don't, I don't need your. Your hat or whatever, like, But. But yeah, I really, really have liked those toiletries from certain brands. I encountered Molton Brown that way, actually, in a Hotel in of all the crazy places. Tennessee. Bristol, Tennessee. If you look that up, it's like off the Blue Ridge Parkway in the middle of nowhere, America. And it was the cypress and something scent, I don't know. But like, fantastic, right? You know, and those silly things I never knew about myself. But yeah.


Josh (00:12:31 - 00:12:45)


Fantastic. I mean, two kind of great, great stories there. I think I've stayed in the Marriott in Glasgow and I think I remember the similar thing about the bathtub being very high. But really nice time. Glad to see it hasn't changed much.


MEE-REC-Participant 1 (00:12:46 - 00:13:04)


Well, that's the other thing, right? Like that one's not the newest or anything, but at some point that doesn't matter to me as much. Although I will tell you I like a more modern design now, but it's not a deal breaker. How did they know your mom? What's that? How did they know your mom at Marriott?


Josh (00:13:05 - 00:13:05)


Like how did they make.


MEE-REC-Participant 1 (00:13:05 - 00:13:59)


They didn't. They didn't. But when we walked in and. And you know, I kind of mentioned that we were there and kind of my grandmother had been born there that then every day they talked to her, you know, like they remembered that like one little story and talked to her and it really made it special for her too. And then it gave her something to talk to her mom about, you know, because my. My nana was still alive at the time. Or McGee is what we refer to her as kind of generally. But yeah, like it was just really, again, when you talk about the people, like, it doesn't take a lot, right. You know, it's just like human connection, which, I don't know, feels a little lost in the post Covid world sometimes. But that one was pre Covid, the Tenerife Obama was after. But I think it's those little touches that mean the most to me anyway.


Josh (00:13:59 - 00:14:29)


Yeah, that's great. And well, I guess that sort of leads on to the next thing loves to talk to you about, which is I guess what kind of things you like when you stay in hotels. Really. And I guess to start that right at the very beginning, as you said, you've traveled a lot from Holiday Inn expresses work with a wife with grandchildren. Like, you know, combinations of situations when you're booking a hotel today, what kind of things are you looking for?


MEE-REC-Participant 1 (00:14:31 - 00:14:58)


That's interesting. I look at hotels all the time, so it's like my sport or porn, depending on your preference. You know, I. Location is important, but not as important if it's accessible to me. So like unless it's a beach vacation. Right. Like, let's Be real with the beach. I don't want to have to schlep all my stuff.


Josh (00:14:58 - 00:14:58)


Yeah.


MEE-REC-Participant 1 (00:14:58 - 00:17:59)


To the beach and not have it just waiting for, for me there. Like. I'll give you a sample. I looked at a hotel in Citrus, Spain. Beautiful. It was some Marriott autograph I think had some other name to it, but it was kind of set back and that's not a problem. Had nice views from the hotel, good pools, kind of good infrastructure. Newer. But then the beach itself was like a 10 minute walk or a 20 minute walk and you had to schlep all your stuff. Like that's, that's a kind of a deal breaker for me. Like if I want that I live in New England, I can drive to the beach and schlep all my stuff out onto the sand and for a vacation. That's not what I'm looking for. So I'm looking for that for a city break. It just needs to be sort of accessible. So I'll go back to that. Like it doesn't have to be the main location. I'm okay. I went to Budapest last year and didn't stay at the Intercontinental. We stayed at the new Kimpton Bem, which was amazing. If you ever go to Budapest, highly recommend it. It's more about, you know, I guess it depends on the level. Like with my wife, I want it to be really nice. Right. Like I want an amazing design. I want it to be beautiful. If you look up the Kimpton Bem, like the colors are stunning. The design itself is incredible. It's new. So that's also helpful. Has like this really impressive door when you walk in to this amazing lobby. And you know, I, I want the nice toiletries because I'm like that now, you know, but from a bed perspective, like the bed has to be comfortable. Like that wrecks it, you know, like no matter what. At the most fundamental level from a hotel, if the bed sucks and it's too old or, you know, whatever, like that just ruins it. And then I need a firmer pillow. All these hotels with these like fluffy doesn't support your head, you know. So that for me matters. I don't really care what the bathroom looks like. I prefer a walk in shower now. Although that's different when I pick with the grandkids. Right? Yeah, for sure. You know. But with my wife I prefer a walk in shower. But it's not a deal breaker to step over the edge in Glasgow. Although that one did seem a little scary, you know. I do prefer a restaurant on site, by the way. Not just for breakfast. I would prefer breakfast just be included at every hotel. I get that. It's not. I don't like to, you know, I guess some people are like, I don't want to pay the, whatever, 45 pounds for breakfast at the, you know, really nice hotel in London. I'd rather go out and find something. I'm not into that in the morning. I just want to eat there.


Josh (00:17:59 - 00:18:00)


Yeah.


MEE-REC-Participant 1 (00:18:00 - 00:18:14)


So. So for me, that's kind of more of a matter of convenience and like the hotel experience itself. So I consider the breakfast the barometer of the hotel's. Yeah, experience. But.


Josh (00:18:14 - 00:18:16)


But you sort of said not just for breakfast, right? You, you.


MEE-REC-Participant 1 (00:18:17 - 00:19:26)


Yeah, sometimes. Like just as an example. Like if, If I fly to London, unless I'm, you know, lucky enough to take the magical daytime 7:30, spend a whole day traveling to London and get there in the evening, that's not enough time to sleep. And I get to London and I'm a zombie. And the older I get, the more that that jet lag kind of affects me. So I want a hotel that has some sort of option to. To dine there, and it actually is okay. I stayed at the Residence Inn in Kensington, so nothing exciting, you know, clean bed, has a little kitchenette, Tesco's next door. But they had a deal where the Italian place down the street would bring the food to the hotel for you because they didn't have a restaurant option in the evening, and that was okay. I mean, so in today's modern realm, like Doordash or Postmates or whatever, the Deliveroo or whatever it is can be okay. But I do prefer if I'm booking in a more luxury category, that there's a nicer restaurant on the premises.


Moderator (00:19:29 - 00:19:34)


How do you assess the quality of the breakfast if you've never been there?


MEE-REC-Participant 1 (00:19:37 - 00:21:25)


Yeah, I mean, I always read reviews from other travelers, sometimes TripAdvisor, Reddit, more, more often. And then, I mean, there's like Marriott groups on Facebook and IHG groups on Facebook and all the, you know, probably Acme groups on Facebook and wherever on the socials. I hate social media, but for that stuff, it's useful in my mind. And then I have from. From a breakfast expectation. I'll just give you a sample. I stayed at a Holiday Inn Express in Milan, right. It's by the airport. They. They have a breakfast. I eat like the fruit that can't possibly be messed up. Right. Like, I have limited expectations of that experience. Like there's something for you, but it doesn't have to be fantastic and memorable. Right. It's a. A bed, a shower, convenient location. And there was something, right. Yogurt, you know, and a banana to go. Basically, when I'm staying at the Ritz Tenerife, you know, you can't fully assess it until you're there, but people have pictures, so you can look at the sort of, like, what's laid out from the buffet perspective. People take pictures of the menu, like, oh, there's an a la carte option, so I can get eggs cooked to order or something like that. And sometimes it's even fancier. Right. You know, I. I stayed at the Rome Cavalieri, and it's a Waldorf property, and I've never seen anything like that buffet. You've never been there? You should take. See if your company will pay for a research trip and go check out their buffet.


Josh (00:21:25 - 00:21:27)


I think that's a great idea, Jim.


MEE-REC-Participant 1 (00:21:27 - 00:22:02)


Yeah. You know, I'm trying to help you. But literally, they had, like, fruit shaved in, like. Like, it was just the most incredible thing. And also, the coffee was wonderful. The service was fantastic. But, like, anything you could possibly want and just. I'm not even that fancy, right? Like, I'll eat a hash brown and some eggs and call it good. But it's, like, amazing when you see, like, a fruit like that laid out and all of that. And so it really elevates the experience.


Josh (00:22:04 - 00:22:27)


I mean, you mentioned the Kimpton in Budapest and, you know, and the sort of. The. What it feels like when you walk in. I guess one of the things we're thinking about for this project is sort of the character of a hotel. Right. You know, personality is. If that's not too lofty. And how important is that sense of character or personality or kind of vibe, to use a very, very loose term?


MEE-REC-Participant 1 (00:22:27 - 00:24:46)


Yeah, yeah. I think it's. I think it depends, right. Like, I think it. For me, I'm in my 50s. My wife's slightly older than me. If. If that is a little bit too, like, vibe is an interesting thing. I'm the planner. My wife is, we joke, the travel princess. She's the. Yes. Friend. She just comes wherever we're going. But she brings the vibes, right? Like, she's the outgoing one and all of that. But when you walk into, like, the Kimpton, like, the design is amazing, and there's spaces to be communal, and they have a cool rooftop bar with, you know, like, a nice design and all that, some of which we didn't take advantage of because we go to bed slightly too early, probably for the rooftop to really be partying. You know, but I do like the energy in the lobby if like people are friendly and welcoming and that kind of thing. Sometimes though, like trying to give you an example, like the old W brands, right. Like they were way too kind of weird for, for me. Right. Sometimes they're okay, like, oh, that seems to fit that neighborhood or whatever. And then sometimes it's just like I don't get all the zebra stripes and that's just giving me a headache. Right. You know, it's a little bit weird and so it's not a deal breaker because it's still a really nice hotel with a nice bed and a nice shower and lovely toiletries and you know, probably pretty good breakfast. But it's like a little off putting when I'm looking at it kind of visually. And I'll be honest, I only recently started looking at video, so. So that's a new thing for me. I'm not a video person, but I've always looked at the photos and tried to kind of make an assessment. So I say, I don't know if I'm using the right words for you guys here, but like, it's funny with vibe, right? Like it's either like, wow, that's really welcoming and that looks amazing and I want to go in there and kind of feel that and experience it and sometimes it's just like, wow, that's really weird.


Josh (00:24:47 - 00:25:15)


Yeah, I get it. I think it's using absolutely the right words. It's worth saying. You know, I'm not entirely sure what the right words are, but I think the idea that there's a difference between exclusive and exclusionary and sometimes a kind of a design or a tone or make you feel a little uncomfortable perhaps, or just this place isn't quite for me or am I the right person to be here?


MEE-REC-Participant 1 (00:25:16 - 00:25:59)


Yeah, I'm just. I think it was the one, the W in Brisbane that had kind of the weird. Yeah, it's the W in Brisbane. So if you look up their photos, right, like there's. I think it's the pool area that has like this weird zebra or striped. Like I don't know what it is but like the whole thing was just like really like, like. Yeah, it's maybe hip or kind of like. But it just doesn't. It's still a holiday and I still want to relax and that looks like that's a crazy party scene. That's not. Yeah, right. Like it looks like south beach, which is just a place I'm probably not going to pick to go. And. Yeah, I don't know.


Josh (00:25:59 - 00:26:41)


No, it makes total sense. Yeah. I mean, I guess sort of one of the things that we're thinking about is, you know, I guess unless you're either a very regular traveler or very, very lucky, most people, you know, don't go to hotels all that often. Right. And, and I, I guess one of the things we're sort of thinking about is do you become, if not a different person when you go to a hotel? Do you start doing things a bit differently? You know, are there, are there kind of things you wouldn't do at home that you kind of can indulge in in a hotel? Like, you know, whether it's little new habits or rituals or services you just wouldn't consider at home? I don't know. Does that kind of apply to you?


MEE-REC-Participant 1 (00:26:42 - 00:29:37)


It does now. You know, when I was traveling for business, I was all the time in hotels for a period in my early 20s. That's 30 years ago now. Right. You know, and that was a different time in a different place. But now generally, my wife and I take kind of two bigger trips a year. Right. That's, that's what we can manage. And then we may have like a weekend away with the grandkids or something else that we sort of do for the family that, that involves a hotel because we are not Airbnb people. I'm not doing that ever. But it's not for us, right? Like, we look at that totally to like, that's for the kids or that's for the grandkids. We, in early December, we went to Florida. We took our almost two year old grandson to SeaWorld, which by the way is like, yay. Because he loves dolphins. But theme parks are not my jam. Right. Never thought that would be me ever. But stayed in the Marriott Harbor Lake, which is actually like a vacation club that has a kitchen and whatever because he actually has allergies and prepare his food and whatever. And it was actually wonderful and had a really cool beachy theme and whatever. So take that for what it is. But had a room for them and then a room for us and then a living room in the kitchen and laundry and all the things you need. So, yeah, so we, we don't stay as often anymore. And, and so when we're picking hotels, like, I am really looking for experience, right. Like, and I do do things a little bit differently. Like my wife gets a massage sometimes in the spa, which we don't do at home. Like, we're not those people. But like, if, if I'm in a really nice place, like we may want that. I don't want to reuse my towels. Like, this sounds really terrible and I'm ruining, you know, the environment. Um, but I. I don't know. Please, please replace the towels. Like, I just don't. Like, yeah, I reuse them at home and all that, but, like, I'm here and. And I don't want to do that. This. You know, we will eat at the hotel. I know a lot of people maybe won't do that, but, like, we will. And if they have a couple options, we might check them all out. We're not, Gosh, like, we go to bed at nine at home now, and we probably still will go to bed fairly early, but we might have a drink at the bar, you know, which is something that we have moved away from.


Josh (00:29:37 - 00:29:38)


Yeah.


MEE-REC-Participant 1 (00:29:38 - 00:30:08)


You know, so, like, I want the drink to be nicely presented and, you know, it to be kind of a fun experience, if that makes sense. Right. Because we don't do that terribly often. And even if I'm in London, I'm. I'm not wanting to be out somewhere. Like, it's one thing if you have theater tickets to the West End. Right. But, like, if I'm not going out in the evening, like, I just want to have that at the hotel and still have it be a really nice experience.


Josh (00:30:08 - 00:30:13)


Yeah. Yeah, that makes total sense. And I'm with you on the. On the. Reusing the towels.


MEE-REC-Participant 1 (00:30:13 - 00:30:14)


Yeah. Like, please.


Josh (00:30:15 - 00:30:18)


Every day it's nice to not have to do it once.


MEE-REC-Participant 1 (00:30:19 - 00:30:21)


Yeah. So that part's important.


Josh (00:30:22 - 00:30:42)


And I guess when you're staying in a hotel like that, I guess, and this is perhaps something that's come in maybe relatively recent times, but often you might maybe download the hotel app or the. You know, there's a sort of a digital concierge service. Did you ever use those things? How do you find them? Do they make things better, worse?


MEE-REC-Participant 1 (00:30:44 - 00:30:50)


So I actually hadn't. I mean, I've always had, like, the Marriott, apparently, to kind of check in, but still swung by the desk.


Josh (00:30:51 - 00:30:51)


Yeah.


MEE-REC-Participant 1 (00:30:51 - 00:32:24)


I think I only ever. Once I stayed in the hotel for work in New York City briefly when Covid. Like, when we just reopened. And it's the first time I ever got a full digital key and skipped the desk and never, ever talked to a human. I didn't actually care for that. So I. I will use, like, a hotel app sometimes to chat with people, but I do want to go to the desk and get a key and have someone explain some things about the property to me, which is kind of weird because I Am an introvert and a technology person. But like, I don't know, like, again, human experience. Right. I prefer that to be an in person thing. The Ritz Abama was one that had kind of the property app and it was a resort. Right. And that's also fairly new to me. That's kind of a new development as I've gotten older. Like, oh, I'd like to stay at the nice resort and eight relaxing days or whatever. But you could make your dining reservations and look at the, you know, room service menu and all that, or the classes or the spa schedule. And I liked having the information, but we actually went to the spa and booked it in person after talking to somebody. I did order room service a couple of times. I did make restaurant reservations, like the more transactional things. But when we wanted kind of a little bit more, we went and talked to somebody.


Josh (00:32:24 - 00:32:36)


Yeah. And I think that's a, you know, big thing we're thinking about, you know, less kind of how would you put everything online and more actually, you know, where are the moments when talking to someone is. Is really important.


MEE-REC-Participant 1 (00:32:37 - 00:32:37)


Right.


Josh (00:32:37 - 00:32:48)


Or really special. And as you said, sort of maybe a natural introvert who, once you get into a hotel, you know, keen to speak to the people behind the desk or keen to speak to people.


MEE-REC-Participant 1 (00:32:49 - 00:34:14)


Yeah. I'll give you a sample. Like, they had some sort of. My. My wife wanted a massage. It's kind of a new thing for us. Like, I don't know one from another or a facial from another. Like, that's just not me. And. And she could do it all, but like, I wanted to set it up right. Special. And so, you know, I went and talked to them because I was like, this is a nice descriptor, but like, this is really what we're looking for. Is that the best thing, like, or is that the. The thing that would work? It turned out like they recommended something else that she loved, you know, And I think sometimes it's hard, even with the best descriptions to kind of understand. And sometimes it takes the benefit of experience or someone listening to kind of what you're hoping to accomplish. And so I really liked actually having the descriptions available in the run up. Yeah. Like, we looked at pictures of that hotel kind of every day over coffee in the morning just as like a, hey, we're gonna get to go to this really great place. We're going to Australia this May. And so, you know, we're looking at Great Barrier Reef, snorkeling and, you know, whatever. But like, so that kind of gives you some of The. The vibes, if you will.


Josh (00:34:15 - 00:34:15)


Yeah.


MEE-REC-Participant 1 (00:34:15 - 00:36:58)


On the way. And if a hotel can help facilitate that. Right. Like, the. The Ritz had sent, like, here's the app now, so you can kind of peek around at the property map or look at the restaurant, you know, menus and that kind of thing. Like, it really kind of. It wasn't too much. It was actually really nice to be able to look at some of that stuff early, but then kind of have an idea when we got there, like, where we might want more information or whatever. So. So I thought that was really cool. I actually, like, wonder sometimes if hotels couldn't automate, like, send you stuff beforehand, you know, like, why wouldn't you want to engage with me sooner? Because that's part of the fun for a planner like me. Right. Like, I can't say that's true for everybody, but for me, like, that's half the fun, is the time leading up to the trip. I want to ask about that. What would be. What would feel genuine and not necessarily, like, spam. What would. What would have to happen? Would you. Like, I think you mentioned. What. Was it Greta or. Who was the gal that you. Your. Oh, Georgetta. Yeah. Like, have you met Georgetta before and started having a bit of a relationship with Georgetta before? Like, is that. I don't know. I hadn't really thought about it, you know, but like, even. Just sometimes, like, here. Here's the events that are happening. And, like, we don't have the events for September yet, but, like, you can see these. Yeah. Like, here's a sample. And I don't even know. Like, sometimes I think, yeah, like, here's just some. Some pictures of, you know, something going on or, like, this is what it looks like or would be helpful in my mind just because, you know, I'm looking for that anyway. Right. You know, and if you actually send it to me, even, like, email is not incursive. Right. People either read it or they don't. You can delete it. You don't have to. It doesn't make me angry if it's not like, spam, you know, all the time. But if it was like, sort of like, oh, hey, some milestone. It's three months before your trip, there's something to look at or that would be kind of cool because technology could help facilitate that, obviously. Right? Like, oh, hey, like, let's just do some triggers on moments to try to, like, draw in. The folks like in. My spouse and I are actually. Her name's Kathy, by the way, but Kathy and I are very different because she doesn't think a trip is real until like it's around the corner.


Josh (00:36:59 - 00:36:59)


Yeah.


MEE-REC-Participant 1 (00:37:00 - 00:37:53)


So for me I need all this to kind of keep me engaged and it gives me energy. Like the journey part, she's a destination. Like it's not real until we show up there and I'm having the massage and, and all of that. So you know, it's probably like what are the personalities, you know and how can you figure out something about the people? But, but for me some pre engagement would go probably like in, in the Ritz. Did it a few times. There were a couple emails that weren't a lot but it was enough because then I had a map and then I had menus and it's hard to find some of that stuff beforehand. Right. Like hotel menus are sometimes not public and I think that's a mistake in my man. For the picky eaters in the world.


Moderator (00:37:56 - 00:38:01)


How long normally are your stays? For example, the Australia one.


MEE-REC-Participant 1 (00:38:01 - 00:40:56)


Yeah. So in Australia I got super lucky and got flights on Qatar in business class for free. So that's shorter than we had wanted. But it's a miles journey so you take what you you can find. It's about two and a half weeks which is still long for an American. Right. But I had hoped to do more like 3ish because Australia is like the other side of the universe. Yes. We also had thought about waiting until retirement for that trip. But we're just watching. We're in the place, all of our parents are old and every other day as a doctor something and I think that makes you face your own kind of mortality a little bit. But we were kind of like oh my God, if we wait until 65 or 66 maybe we're not fit enough to snorkel in the Great Barrier Reef and that doesn't work. So we just planned it. Right. That's why we're going. So that's two and a half weeks. The Ritz Abama was nine days. We if I'm going far enough, you know, like I want it to not be an American two or three day thing or whatever that weird crazy tik tok. Like it's a day trip to Rome. Like what? That's not us. I get jet lag. It's real. I want to go and be able to enjoy a thing. And we also are not. The first time I ever went to Paris the Eiffel Tower was on strike. And so I learned very quickly that you can't see everything all of the time and you have to Pick and choose and sometimes things don't work out. And yeah, we'd like to have downtime. Like we're, we're staying at the Sheridan Grand Mirage in Port Douglas for the Great Barrier Reef part of the trip. We actually have eight nights there alone and we cut Sydney because Opera House scene pictures not exciting to me. Melbourne is grittier like New York. So we're spending the time just in Melbourne and just in, in Port Douglas mostly because we like to have time to relax too. Right. Like we're not trying to run, run, run and then have to go home and have a vacation from vacation that makes sense. And you know, we try to distance ourselves from some of the American style trips or Instagrammer type trip. Like we do our thing, not what other people maybe think is important.


Josh (00:40:58 - 00:41:01)


And how much do you want the hotel to assist you in that thing?


MEE-REC-Participant 1 (00:41:02 - 00:42:49)


Like how much thing? I'm a planner, so here's the thing. I'm a planner so I'm going to do my own research. But if they, if a hotel had recommendations sooner, right? Because like I'm not waiting till I show up there to figure out what Great Barrier Reef snorkeling toward a book. You know, I'm actively in the process and this is actually kind of a little late for me. Right. Like we go in May and this is late but kind of changed our thought process a little bit and we're booking stuff. The hotel had been in contact with me now and said like we have a relationship with these folks and they're wonderful. They potentially get my business, you know, and, and I'm open to those kind of recommendations but that's not how it seems to work these days. Right. Like they don't contact you till two days before you show up and generally and that kind of thing. And so all that stuff's done. Right. I mean people are using chat GPT to plan trips. Right. Like I, I don't, I don't want to not have a reservation and show up at the Great Barrier Reef and not be able to get something, you know, and it is kind of funny. Like I guess I could theoretically call but introverted like you know, or I might email but I can also use 8 million other resources now to, to book that stuff and, and so I would welcome kind of hotel recommendations and you know, but they've got to start that sooner. Yeah.


Josh (00:42:51 - 00:43:07)


Is there anything you don't like about hotels and any kind of real like pet peeves or things that you know, if you could get on the phone to the head of IHG or whatever and be like, just fix this thing. You know, what would you love to change about hotels generally?


MEE-REC-Participant 1 (00:43:09 - 00:45:46)


Good question. In the US Pay people something like, you know, the, the workers are underpaid and overwhelmed, you know, and I don't. That's probably true in, in many places and then it doesn't seem true in some. So it's. I hate tipping culture. Like, I'm really excited for this Australia trip to, to not have to kind of deal with that a little bit. But yeah, like, I don't know, it. It's really like the corporatization of everything. Right. Like standardization is lovely in, in terms of. I know what to expect like from one Holiday Inn Express to the, to the next one. But like sometimes, right, like the, like, oh, we've left a card and you can tip, you know, whomever might be servicing your room through the electronic means. Which sounds great in theory, right? Because who wants to carry cash? Right? Like post Covid. Nobody carries cash. I don't actually know if they get it right. Like, where does that go and how is it split or shared with or like I want more understanding of like that kind of stuff because I don't, I don't trust. First of all, most of these are like affiliated with, you know, the brand, but not actually owned by the brand. And so like. Yeah, how do you even track that down? You know, And I, I want to know. Georgette's being paid a living wage, right, like at the Ritz and Tenerife. And like, I think that's hard but, but I think the ethical kind of component of it is like I'm going on this magical holiday that I just paid, you know, kind of some crazy amount of money. And I think it's particularly acute in like some of the places where like Tenerife, like can the people live? There's over tourism, there's protests, there's all kinds of stuff happening in, you know, throughout Spain and Italy and wherever. Like are these people being fame enough to live where they work? And so, so for me, I guess the, the philosophy and the ethical component and like is there a better way to, to share that without it being self serving? I guess the way to, to say it, like for me that would actually be really, really important.


Josh (00:45:47 - 00:45:55)


Yeah, I guess, you know, staff are a big part of the hotel experience, but they're not an amenity like the gym. Right. They're people.


MEE-REC-Participant 1 (00:45:55 - 00:46:56)


Yeah. Yeah. It would be really nice to know like the, like do they have decent benefits and, and whatever. And like some like we Take care of our people. Like, I'm not even sure. I don't necessarily need all of the intricate details and sometimes, you know, the places where they probably take better care of the people just by the nature of the service. Nobody takes care of anything in America. Don't expect service here. I don't care what the hotel level is really. And it's, it shows. Right. You know, but it's in. So like I guess if I'm going on an African safari as an example, like are the, are the people there kind of paid appropriately or whatever? And so if you're gonna treat me to this vibe and these amenities and whatever, like, I would still like to know if the people are fairly treated. And I don't know if that's true probably for everybody in the world or they don't think about that at all. But I find that to be kind of an important thing.


Josh (00:46:58 - 00:47:09)


Changing tech a little bit. Obviously we're working with Acme and Harborline Hotels. Do you know much about Harborline Hotels? Have you come across them at all?


MEE-REC-Participant 1 (00:47:10 - 00:48:09)


I've looked at their photos. Right. Mostly I know there's one in New York. I don't know anything about it beyond that. Like I've seen a couple of pictures. I, I looked actually recently at the one in Las Vegas because my wife took her soon to be 25 year old to Vegas for a. What, what happens here stays here kind of, you know, like your, your grown up trip. And we did look at the Harborline property there, but it's like a Hilton Curio 2 or something. It was just like a little weird and not in the right place for, for the short duration of that trip. Otherwise I don't, I've never stayed in a Harborline Hotel. I've only flown Acme one time to London was last February with my mom actually. And I've never, I'm not a cruiser, so that will probably never happen.


Josh (00:48:11 - 00:48:35)


I mean, that's great because I think truthfully not many people have stayed in Harborline Hotels. They're quite a new thing. I guess what I'm kind of, what we're kind of really interested in is when you see a hotel with the word Acme or the Acme logo attached to it, you know, what do you kind of immediately expect? What kind of hotel do you think it's going to be or think it might be?


MEE-REC-Participant 1 (00:48:36 - 00:49:20)


I think Boutique. I'll tell you. I think boutique and I don't know if that's. Because that's what I've seen when I've kind of looked at the photos online. Right. If I Had to equate it to something else. I stayed at the Hoxton in Rome and it kind of feels like that a little bit, you know. So I think about it not as a sort of true luxury kind of service brand, but more of a fun vibey, more like the Kimpton Bem or the Hoxton kind of brands maybe. Or at least I lump them in that category right now in my brain.


Josh (00:49:21 - 00:49:43)


That's really, really interesting. I mean, you said you stayed in Kimpton, stayed in a W Hotel and Hoxton as well. I'm kind of. I'd love to know a bit more about what that kind of hotel is. You said not like super, super luxury, but definitely not Holiday Inn Express either. What do you kind of expect when you're in those kind of places?


MEE-REC-Participant 1 (00:49:44 - 00:50:03)


So I expect modern design. Right. Like in function and when I differentiate, like when I say old school or luxury, like true luxury, like the intercontinental Park Lane. Right. Like, but I also like don't love the wallpaper. Right. Or the old flowers or.


Josh (00:50:03 - 00:50:03)


Yeah.


MEE-REC-Participant 1 (00:50:03 - 00:51:42)


You know, some of that vibe is like weird. But. But the services been around for a long time and pretty refined. Right. And I don't always feel like those places are for me, just for reference. Right. The Ritz was a new thing for us and I just happened to really like that sort of resort within a resort feel and the people maybe experience. But like I'm not staying at the Waldorf in New York. Right. But when I think of like real luxury, kind of refined. That's what I mean. There where like some. There's a doorman coming to get your luggage in a, you know, fancy suit or whatever, I don't really think that's for me. So. But the Hoxton or the boutique ones, like the Kimpton Bem, like I expect a beautiful design when I come in. I want a more modern layout. I don't need rooms kind of as big as the old school luxury places, like if it's well designed. Yeah. The Hoxton in Rome had kind of a mid century modern kind of vibe that was a little bit tight, honestly. It was a little bit tight with big luggages, you know. But it had a really lovely kind of feel to it in terms of. It was pretty and had a nice outdoor space with a cafe kind of serving out their drinks and kind of appetizers and whatever. And we talk to other guests in those kind of places where I don't know if I would ever talk to somebody in the lobby at like the intercontinental Park Lane. Right.


Josh (00:51:42 - 00:51:44)


I'd be worried that they Wouldn't want me to talk to them.


MEE-REC-Participant 1 (00:51:44 - 00:52:10)


I think, well, I'm pretty sure, yeah, that they might be looking at me funny when I walk up. Or the Ritz in London, they won't even let you in. Right. You know, so, yeah, I want it to be welcoming and well designed. I want the room to have modern technology, conveniences. Right. Like it's cuckoo in a hotel nowadays if I go and there's no place to plug in all my things.


Josh (00:52:10 - 00:52:10)


Yeah.


MEE-REC-Participant 1 (00:52:11 - 00:52:41)


Like my phone needs to be at the bedside. Let's be real. I don't know who wants to plug their phone in across on the desk somewhere else. Right. My wife travels with a portable personal fan that requires another plug. Like it's not just one. We need multiple on each side. Just saying makes sense. Yeah. And then generally those hotels all have the walk in showers. Right. Like not the, like I don't want that old Glasgow tub.


Josh (00:52:41 - 00:52:42)


Yeah, that's cool.


MEE-REC-Participant 1 (00:52:42 - 00:52:46)


From, you know, when I have the grandbabies maybe.


Josh (00:52:46 - 00:53:03)


But otherwise, no, I just to pick up on something. You said, you know, these kind of hotels are ones where you'll talk to other guests. I mean, you said you're naturally a bit more introverted. What is it about a hotel like that makes you start talking to other people who are staying there?


MEE-REC-Participant 1 (00:53:05 - 00:54:36)


You know, I don't know. So the Hoxton in Rome We were staying just two nights. It was my two nights before my first cruise experience. The cruise was terrible. It was with Carnival. Don't ever do that. It was like driving by Europe and then getting to stop, like getting paroled for an hour and get off the boat and then go back. It was literally like this one Canadian. Some people love that. Not for me, but the Hoxton was really fun. And like we, we had like a, I don't know, aperol spritz and a, you know, appetizer out in the courtyard in September. The weather was lovely and we were sitting next to, I don't know, somebody who worked for Microsoft in London and they were on like a baby moon just chatting with them. And then there were some other people to the right. We were chatting with them. Everybody was chatty. I don't know, I don't know if it was the weather that was lovely. The outdoor space had kind of a pretty little lights and colorful pillows and you know, it was just pleasant and I don't know, maybe everybody feels welcome there and it's not like too, you know, exclusive or something. But yeah, same thing at the Ritz Abama We were talking to all the people around the pool. And again, I'm an introvert. This is not usually my jam. But it felt okay. And it wasn't like so many people. Like none of these places are so big.


Josh (00:54:36 - 00:54:37)


Yeah.


MEE-REC-Participant 1 (00:54:37 - 00:54:51)


That they feel overwhelming. Like some of the giant hotels in Vegas or something. Like I can't. Not sure I imagine that there. But a lot of these places were smaller. Yeah.


Josh (00:54:51 - 00:55:24)


I mean you sort of said when we asked about boutique hotels you know, fits in that kind of not super luxury but sort of quite sort of characterful, kind of premium, bit more laid back kind of a space. You know, the kimptony type thing and I guess. And appreciate. You've never stayed in a Harborline Hotel and that's kind of I guess the point. But what do you think might make a Harborline Hotel different from those. What would you expect to be different from it? From a Kimpton say or from. From a W.


MEE-REC-Participant 1 (00:55:26 - 00:58:31)


You know, it's. It's funny. I expect like purple or red color first of all, which is not typical of any of the other places and kind of is unique. Right. Like it could. Could be a little off putting but like that's kind of a signature thing and you know, it's. It's weird. Like with Acme, I flew upper class on the one flight that I took to London and premium economy home. But like I didn't expect the pajamas. Right. Like there were unique little touches Acme that were kind of a little bit of a surpr. And they were really soft. Like silly. Silly things like that. Like I would want the towels to be really soft and you know, like it to feel premium but without being exclusive I guess is the like or excluding might be the way to say it. And yeah, like I don't know like some little surprises like that were really interesting like pajamas on a flight to London just seems really kind of probably not super expensive for Acme to buy those at like cost or whatever. But. But like nobody does that anymore. So that. That was really kind of cool and the. The arrival lounge was really cool. Right. So so just. I don't know just seems silly but like to get a croissant when I got off the plane like felt great. Yeah. You know, like the. The Kimpton does like the Kimpton used to have like a raid the bar or whatever. I don't know if they. They still do that like some with their luxury thing like the, the elite status that they used to have IHG sign it or sort of corrupted a little bit of it with the big corporate. But like little touches like that like don't charge for the mini bar or something surprising. That actually just makes the experience better. I went to an independent hotel, actually. It's called the Brenton in Newport, Rhode Island. But, like, they had ice cream in, like, a little freezer at the end of every hallway. And just, like, how cool. You know, how cool to get, like, an ice cream. It was something so small, right. You know, and they. They charged for the alcohol in the minibar, but not the soda, you know, or the kind of, like, no charge for the water, or, like, there's a refill station and here's a bottle to fill up, like, that kind of thing. And it was just like, okay, I'm paying a premium price and I'm. I'm getting some things. And it felt great. Like, I don't know. Yeah, give me a snack cabinet or something. That, like, just as surprising and those little things differentiate it, you know, we have.


Josh (00:58:31 - 00:58:48)


Somehow we've managed to spend an hour talking. I don't kind of have that happen, but that's always a really, really good sign. I don't know, Ava or Chad, if you have any final questions, or Jenna, if you've got any. Any other things that have popped into your mind that might. Might be interesting to share.


Moderator (00:58:49 - 00:59:07)


It's just fascinating, you knowing I can see you so well, floating across hotels. I just wanted to thank you for so vividly describing your philosophy and your preferences has been really enriching. Thank you.


MEE-REC-Participant 1 (00:59:07 - 00:59:17)


Great. Well, thanks for. Thanks for listening to me, because I'll be excited to see what happens and. And maybe I will try a harborline hotel sometime here.


Moderator (00:59:18 - 00:59:21)


Have croissants in the middle of the night or something like that.


MEE-REC-Participant 1 (00:59:21 - 00:59:24)


Yeah, I don't know. You know, whatever. Surprise me. Yeah.


Moderator (00:59:24 - 00:59:25)


Thank you so much.


MEE-REC-Participant 1 (00:59:25 - 00:59:26)


All right. Thanks, guys.


Josh (00:59:26 - 00:59:29)


Yeah, thank you so much. Have a great day.


MEE-REC-Participant 1 (00:59:29 - 00:59:30)


Yeah. Happy New Year. Bye.


Moderator (00:59:30 - 00:59:36)


Happy New Year. Very good. She's great.


MEE-REC-Participant 1 (00:59:36 - 00:59:38)


Yes, she's awesome.


Moderator (00:59:38 - 00:59:38)


Yeah.


MEE-REC-Participant 1 (00:59:38 - 00:59:41)


Super. Okay.


Moderator (00:59:42 - 00:59:49)


Yeah, let's jump to the next one. Chad, do you mind leading? Great.


Josh (00:59:49 - 00:59:52)


Anyway, thanks. See you in an hour.


Moderator (00:59:52 - 00:59:53)


All right.


Josh (00:59:53 - 00:59:54)


You know how. Cheers. Bye.


Moderator (00:59:54 - 00:59:55)


Bye.
