Miles

MIL-Participant 1 (00:01:08 - 00:01:09)


Hey, Eva.


Eva (00:01:09 - 00:01:09)


Hey.


Josh (00:01:12 - 00:01:14)


How did the last call go? Good.


Eva (00:01:15 - 00:01:20)


It was a bit chaotic at the beginning. Could not hear her very well, but all good.


Josh (00:01:20 - 00:01:21)


Hi, Miles.


MIL-Participant 1 (00:01:22 - 00:01:23)


Hello. Hello.


Josh (00:01:24 - 00:01:41)


Hi. See you. Thank you so much for joining. Really appreciate it. I should probably introduce myself, my colleague Eva and something called call recorder which is just a means of recording this so we don't have to take loads of notes and constantly be looking at our notebooks. If that's all right with you.


MIL-Participant 1 (00:01:42 - 00:01:42)


Totally cool.


Josh (00:01:43 - 00:02:40)


Right, very quickly, we're here today. We've got an hour to talk about hotels and your kind of hotel experiences and what you love in hotels, what maybe you don't like in hotels. And we're working on behalf of the Acme Group, who have hotels themselves. But really this is more about hotels more generally than Acme in particular. We might touch upon that a little bit at the end. I should also say we work for a company called Hidden Strategy. We're kind of a research company, so we don't work for Acme. So you can be as mean about Acme as you'd like and it's absolutely fine. It might be helpful if that's how you feel. But there are no right or wrong answers or anything like that. It's just a sort of, hopefully a very loose discussion. Got a few questions to ask. It's been great to chat. So I guess before we get into the world of hotels, it'd be great to know a little about you, Miles. Where are you from, whether you've got your family, what you do for a living and what you really love to do. Like what do you join, passion wise?


MIL-Participant 1 (00:02:41 - 00:03:11)


Yeah. So I'm from the US, New Jersey. I work as a software developer, so I like to travel a lot, which is very helpful. I like to, I guess, point hack a lot of my travels as well. That's a very big hobby of mine. So. Yeah, great.


Josh (00:03:11 - 00:03:20)


I mean, that's. I mean, it's a great starting point for everything we're about to talk about, which is really good. Where'd you like to travel? Shab interest?


MIL-Participant 1 (00:03:21 - 00:03:27)


I've been all over this past year. I think I went to eight countries.


Josh (00:03:27 - 00:03:28)


Wow.


MIL-Participant 1 (00:03:30 - 00:04:03)


I did. I started off, we went to Brussels, Seychelles, in Kenya in February, and then my wife had a work trip in India, so I was crazy. And I did a long weekend to India and then we did. We did an Alaska cruise and then we went to Hawaii. I think there's one or two trips I'm missing in there.


Josh (00:04:05 - 00:04:16)


That's a lot of air miles. And also I love the fact you went to in February Brussels. And then I thought you're gonna say, and then France. Oh, no. And then they say shells. And then Kenya. We.


MIL-Participant 1 (00:04:17 - 00:04:19)


We stopped. We had a day and a half in Dubai.


Josh (00:04:19 - 00:04:34)


All right. Of course. Just. Just to mix it up. Oh, that's amazing. This might be quite difficult as you've traveled so much, but I guess to kick things off, it would be great thinking about stays you've had in hotels.


MIL-Participant 1 (00:04:35 - 00:04:35)


Yes.


Josh (00:04:35 - 00:04:49)


Tell us about the most memorable one you ever had. I guess, ideally memorable for a good reason rather than, you know, there were cockroaches on the floor or, you know, it was still being built or anything like that. But, you know, what's the most memorable hotel stay you've ever had in your travels?


MIL-Participant 1 (00:04:53 - 00:05:31)


That's tough because they're all memorable. I mean, the most memorable stays would be Kenya. I stayed at the JW Marriott Masai Mara Safari Camp It was great service. I mean, being on safari is, like, the most memorable thing ever. So, like, that, I. I kind of think is a little bit of a leg up to most. Most other hotel stays, but more of, like, a traditional hotel stay. Probably one of the more memorable ones was the Waldorf Astoria in the Maldives.


Josh (00:05:32 - 00:05:35)


Wow. What was so memorable about that?


MIL-Participant 1 (00:05:36 - 00:05:54)


Just, like, the personal, like, service. Like, everyone, like, knew you by name. Every, like, morning you had, like, a butler that would pick you up and bring you to breakfast. They'd, like, give you a whole itinerary of, like, things to do.


Josh (00:05:54 - 00:05:55)


Oh.


MIL-Participant 1 (00:05:55 - 00:05:56)


So, yeah.


Josh (00:05:57 - 00:06:23)


Yeah, that. I mean, even the phrase Maldives sort of starts to set off like, little, like, dopamine receptors in my head, I think. Sounds incredible. Did you have any in when you stayed there or actually when you stayed in Kenya as well? Any kind of, like, special treatment you got or little surprises, if you like, that kind of made things. I think you weren't expecting.


MIL-Participant 1 (00:06:25 - 00:06:45)


Kenya. They. Because we were return guests the second time when our last night we were gone. Go ahead and, like, redecorate our entire tent, like, with. It was, like, coffee beans and stuff and, like, handmade, like, African, like, beads and beadwork and stuff. Really cool.


Josh (00:06:46 - 00:06:51)


Ah, that's great. Is it different every day or when you. When you came home?


MIL-Participant 1 (00:06:53 - 00:06:56)


So the last night, it was, like, super great. Yeah.


Josh (00:06:56 - 00:07:21)


Oh, fantastic. Well, I guess if they kind of relatively recent, amazing things, I guess it'd be good to go a little bit about the kind of things you generally like or expect or, you know, want to see in a hotel. And I guess, you know, really basic question, but when you're booking a hotel, you know, what kind of things are you looking for? What are the things that you helping you make that decision? You know.


MIL-Participant 1 (00:07:24 - 00:07:57)


Location. Right. That's number one or close to it or easy access. Like if I'm staying at a city hotel, easy access to like public transit or walking to wherever I'm trying to go. If I'm booking more of like resort style property like Maldives or La Sagmara, it would be obviously like accommodation style. I like staying in nicer, nicer accommodations when I use 90% of my time at the resort.


Josh (00:07:57 - 00:08:21)


Yeah, yeah. That's just on, on the point of if, say if you're staying in a city hotel, how important is kind of the neighborhood? Right. You know, whether it's in a cool neighborhood or a connected neighborhood or you know, near to. Does that play a role or is it more the hotel itself?


MIL-Participant 1 (00:08:21 - 00:08:27)


I think it depends. Like if. Depends why I'm going.


Josh (00:08:27 - 00:08:27)


Yeah.


MIL-Participant 1 (00:08:28 - 00:08:48)


Normally I don't really go to a city hotel unless like I'm going to like a sporting event or something and then neighborhood. Like the only thing neighborhood would play factor into is safety and like ease of access to wherever I'm trying to go.


Josh (00:08:48 - 00:09:17)


Yeah, yeah, yeah, that makes sense. Presumably you have access to the sporting venue as well, quite enrolled there. Cool. And I guess when you're kind of booking, how important is that? You said particularly booking a resort hotel. Something nice obviously. But how important is a kind of, I don't know, a sense of character or personality or uniqueness when it comes to a hotel or are you more kind of.


MIL-Participant 1 (00:09:21 - 00:09:28)


I wouldn't. It's not something I would probably consciously say, but it definitely does play a role.


Josh (00:09:29 - 00:09:29)


Yeah.


MIL-Participant 1 (00:09:30 - 00:09:47)


Because like I tend to avoid kind of the cookie cutter hotels unless it's like a city hotel where I'm just basically sleeping there. Yeah. So something that's a little different or offer something unique that I can't get somewhere else.


Josh (00:09:49 - 00:10:00)


Yeah. Talk a bit more about that. Like why. Why are you so anti cookie cutter? I mean it's anti cook cutter. You know, it's famously a criticism. But what is it that about the cookie cutter that puts you off?


MIL-Participant 1 (00:10:01 - 00:10:11)


Well, like if I'm going to like the Maldives and I'm staying at like a hotel that's very similar to something I'd get in like the Caribbean. That's a lot closer. Why am I going to the Maldives?


Josh (00:10:11 - 00:10:23)


Yeah, yeah, yeah, for sure. So it feels like, particularly if you're traveling a long distance, worth. Worth going somewhere that feels like it's different from what you might get elsewhere. Right? It's.


MIL-Participant 1 (00:10:23 - 00:10:24)


Yeah.


Josh (00:10:24 - 00:10:40)


Yeah, that makes. Are there any kind of hotel brands that you particularly trust or particularly like or you feel you kind of like your eyes would. If not light up, you go, oh yeah, I kind of, I feel I'll have a good experience with, with them.


MIL-Participant 1 (00:10:41 - 00:11:17)


I've had good experience at obviously Waldorf. Conrad's been largely good first thing with the Hilton brands. Pretty much all of the ones under Hilton, Marriott, IHG Four Seasons is good. I haven't really stated Hyatt properties besides like a one off Hyatt place stay like near an airport or something. But I, that's something I'd be interested in Harborline Hotels if they had a bigger footprint.


Josh (00:11:17 - 00:11:31)


Yeah, yeah. And I mean you mentioned or actually the, the kind of the, the brand owners if you like, you know, does loyalty or loyalty programs, do they play a role here?


MIL-Participant 1 (00:11:33 - 00:11:39)


Yes, they do because I have status with almost all of them.


Josh (00:11:40 - 00:11:40)


Yeah.


MIL-Participant 1 (00:11:40 - 00:11:57)


Except for Hyatt which is why I don't really stay in the States. So definitely. However, like Marriott, I don't have great status. But if there's a property that's worth going to like the, the Maasai Mara property, then I'd stray.


Josh (00:11:57 - 00:12:24)


Yeah. Yeah, for sure. Yeah. It's not the be all and end all. There's multiline points but they certainly help, right? Yeah, for sure. Well, I guess thinking about when you're typically staying in hotels, what do you like to do when you're in a hotel? Right. What are the kind of things you tend to get up to or whether it's sort of services or amenities you'd like to use or just things you just do generally. What's your kind of.


MIL-Participant 1 (00:12:25 - 00:12:51)


I typically I'll get breakfast at the hotel breakfast place, maybe go to the gym. If it's a city hotel, then I'm pretty much off property the entire time and then come back if it's more of like a resort type place, I don't know, go to the beach, maybe do like an excursion or something.


Josh (00:12:54 - 00:13:24)


It's kind of just to pick up on that. Actually, you know, there's thinking about city hotels. I mean I feel like resorts are their own sort of special thing. Right. And you said you'd be off the property most of the time. Does the hotel help you get out of there? If that makes sense. Right. In terms of, you know, whether it's finding great places to eat or places to visit or things to do. Did you kind of make use of the hotel's ability to help you outside of the hotel, if that makes sense.


MIL-Participant 1 (00:13:25 - 00:13:40)


I don't think I'd actively seek it out, but there have been one or two hotels where, like, the concierge have been, like, super helpful and made it easy to find, like, good places to eat or whatnot.


Josh (00:13:40 - 00:13:54)


Great. Any. Anything in particular? Thinking about those one or two times. How's that experience been? What? What, what? How's it typically gone? Have you gone, where can I eat around here? Or how's it kind of.


MIL-Participant 1 (00:13:55 - 00:14:23)


It was in Chicago. We just checked in, my wife and I, because my wife was there for work and she was like, first time in Chicago, I was like, yeah. She's like, oh. Then she pulls out this book. She's like, you have to go eat here. She's like, avoid this place because it's, like, super touristy. She was like, make sure you go here. And then she showed us how to get to Wrigley Field to go see a game. So.


Josh (00:14:24 - 00:14:58)


Love that. I think. I think there's something really powerful in not just saying, oh, you should totally go here, but also don't go here. Right. This is the kind of, you know, this is where you go if you don't have the locals knowledge. But trust us that the best deep dish pizza is this one, for example, or, you know, the. And this one's just a place for the people with guidebooks. Yeah. Really interesting. I guess. You know, one of the things. The reason why I ask really is one of the things we're interested in is about the kind of role of hotel staff and the role of the people behind hotel. And.


MIL-Participant 1 (00:15:01 - 00:15:01)


What.


Josh (00:15:02 - 00:15:12)


How often do you kind of talk to people who work in a hotel? You know, other than just asking for the occasional recommendation, what's your ideal level of interaction? I suppose.


MIL-Participant 1 (00:15:14 - 00:15:19)


I don't know. There's a few of them that I'm like, friends with on social media now. And, like, we chat every so often.


Josh (00:15:19 - 00:15:20)


So.


MIL-Participant 1 (00:15:22 - 00:15:42)


I don't think I go into a hotel stay expecting that, which is someone who's fun, doesn't seem like they're being overworked and they're not in a grouchy mood. Someone who's helpful but, like, isn't, like, too pushy.


Josh (00:15:42 - 00:15:46)


Yeah, yeah. Sometimes human, right? I think.


MIL-Participant 1 (00:15:47 - 00:15:48)


Exactly.


Josh (00:15:49 - 00:16:05)


I love that. I love that, though, that idea. Someone who doesn't feel overworked. Because I think we can all kind of see it where, you know, someone might be the nicest person in the world, but they have 15 other different things to do and talking to you is just one of the things on their list. Right. Rather than something they actually want to do. Yeah, yeah.


MIL-Participant 1 (00:16:05 - 00:16:06)


Yep.


Josh (00:16:08 - 00:16:27)


And this is sort of, I guess, kind of related the other direction. Increasingly, I suppose, hotels have hotel apps or digital concierges or tech based solutions to the state. To put it in very kind of boring terms. Do you make use of them? Do you like them? Do you hate them? Do you.


MIL-Participant 1 (00:16:28 - 00:16:42)


What's your serve a purpose? Yeah, I guess for like some of like the easy requests, like the concierge is great, like, hey, I'm arriving at this. I'm arriving like super late. Just a heads up.


Josh (00:16:42 - 00:16:43)


Yeah.


MIL-Participant 1 (00:16:43 - 00:16:47)


Don't mark me as a no show or because you get me new towels.


Josh (00:16:47 - 00:16:48)


Yeah.


MIL-Participant 1 (00:16:48 - 00:16:57)


But like for some of the more complicated requests, I think it's better to have like the human to human interaction.


Josh (00:16:58 - 00:17:09)


Yeah, for sure. And even the kind of, you know, heads up, I'm running a bit late. Right. It's still kind of informal and chatty. Right. It's not sort of making a formal request for a form, you know.


MIL-Participant 1 (00:17:09 - 00:17:10)


Exactly.


Josh (00:17:10 - 00:17:15)


Request later. Check in, please. Yeah, yeah. It's interesting.


MIL-Participant 1 (00:17:16 - 00:17:17)


Yeah.


Josh (00:17:17 - 00:17:38)


I mean, we sort of touched on this when you talked about, you know, Kenya and the Waldorf in the Maldives. But, you know, what are the things that can make a hotel stay feel really memorable? Right. If you get any examples of things that make a hotel more than just the time you stayed two nights in a place with a half decent bed.


MIL-Participant 1 (00:17:39 - 00:18:22)


Oh, something that's different. But I feel like that's hard to kind of describe. It could be something as simple as like a nice person checking you in, being like, oh, we see you have, you're booked in like a king room on the base. The base level. Like, I really don't recommend this room because, like it's on the ground floor. I'll move you up a floor or whatever. Something like that. Yeah. Or the person who gives you recommendations because it's your first time.


Josh (00:18:23 - 00:18:33)


Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. I think, you know, sounds like. But both those examples are sort of where someone with better knowledge than you.


MIL-Participant 1 (00:18:33 - 00:18:34)


Yeah.


Josh (00:18:34 - 00:18:38)


Imparts it. Right. And makes your stay better as a consequence.


Eva (00:18:39 - 00:18:48)


But also I'm hearing like the ability to feel seen. Right. Like you're a regular member or you have status in that particular.


MIL-Participant 1 (00:18:49 - 00:18:51)


Yeah, that's, that's a great. Put it.


Eva (00:18:52 - 00:18:54)


Make you feel special. I guess.


MIL-Participant 1 (00:18:54 - 00:18:55)


Yeah.


Josh (00:18:58 - 00:19:15)


I guess. Are there any things that you wish hotels would do more of maybe you've seen a couple of times that doesn't happen that regularly that you'd love to see happen more often, Whether it's like little perks or treats or solving problems that otherwise you have to solve? Yourself.


MIL-Participant 1 (00:19:17 - 00:19:41)


I mean, this was kind of hard to fix if you already have the hotel built. But like USB ports, like, connectivity to like plug things in is not something that like, would really deter you, but it's something that like, you think of like, oh, so easy. Like have a UK phone plug that worked at this American hotel or vice versa.


Josh (00:19:42 - 00:19:44)


Yeah, that's interesting.


MIL-Participant 1 (00:19:44 - 00:19:49)


Yeah, that's. That's one thing that everyone always overlooks. But you remember when it's done right.


Josh (00:19:50 - 00:20:39)


I think it's not that impossible to fix, you know, but it's a really, really good point. Right, because it's. First of all, I'm sure we've all landed somewhere and realized we forgot to pack the adapter, right. Or we've landed somewhere and the only place we can plug the phone in is by unplugging a floor lamp in the corner, miles away from the bedside table. It's just incredibly infuriating, I guess. Related not to that, but things that could be fixed stayed in many a hotel. You're a regular loyalty member of quite a lot of them. Is there anything you don't like about hotels, right. Anything you kind of think are a bit rubbish about them or, or if there's anything you'd love to change about hotels generally that if you could, you would.


MIL-Participant 1 (00:20:41 - 00:20:57)


Anything. Obviously, like out, like when something gets outdated, like going into a hotel and being like, wow, this hasn't been touched since like the 80s.


Josh (00:20:57 - 00:21:05)


Yeah, yeah, yeah. I think it's. Yeah. Like, I think old can be charming, but when it's.


MIL-Participant 1 (00:21:05 - 00:21:07)


When it's not done right.


Josh (00:21:07 - 00:21:09)


Exactly, yeah.


MIL-Participant 1 (00:21:09 - 00:21:22)


Like there's some properties that it's done very well. Like I've noticed Four Seasons has like some of their older properties. They've got very little to update, but it's done very well where you're like, this is. It feels like it's preserved.


Josh (00:21:22 - 00:22:01)


Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, that makes sense. I guess one of the things we're thinking about are kind of a particular type of hotel at the moment, which obviously there's, there's sort of like super luxury and like five star. And then you've also got your Holiday Inn expresses over there which, you know, purpose every now and again. But we're, we're sort of really interested in those kind of four maybe five star hotels that I guess, you know, aren't necessarily luxury luxury, but are. I don't know whether they're cool or they have a sort of sense of character or charm or.


MIL-Participant 1 (00:22:02 - 00:22:03)


Yeah.


Josh (00:22:03 - 00:22:05)


Like energy to them. Right, yeah.


MIL-Participant 1 (00:22:05 - 00:22:09)


Like a Kimpton or Acme or Standard like those types of hotels.


Josh (00:22:10 - 00:22:12)


Yeah. What is it about those that. That make them feel a bit different?


MIL-Participant 1 (00:22:15 - 00:22:38)


You know, I. I do like staying at a Kimpton and I don't know if I can put my finger on it, but there is that, like, energy that like, is fun and vibrant and. But it's not. It's like an upscale experience, but not like ultra premium, which is perfect for like a city state.


Josh (00:22:39 - 00:22:56)


Yeah, yeah. What is it about. I mean, you mentioned a couple that I think we've been thinking about as a team as we've just started this project, you know, about. What does Kimpton do that feels, I don't know, energetic, vibrant, different.


MIL-Participant 1 (00:22:59 - 00:23:10)


Kimpton. They do that evening reception thing, which I think is nice people to be a little bit more social. The Kimpton secret password.


Josh (00:23:11 - 00:23:12)


Okay. That.


MIL-Participant 1 (00:23:14 - 00:23:36)


It's. It's a thing that's kind of a secret, but not a secret. Like you say the secret password at check in and then depending on the property, they'll give you like free drinks at the bar or like bonus points or. I don't know, depends on the property. Some of them give you like a custom coffee mug name on it or something.


Josh (00:23:37 - 00:23:40)


Does the secret password change or once you know it?


MIL-Participant 1 (00:23:41 - 00:23:46)


So I'm going to Google this real quick because I think there is one right now.


Eva (00:23:51 - 00:23:53)


And how often it changes. Yeah, yeah.


Josh (00:23:53 - 00:23:55)


I'm staying in this week, so I need to know.


MIL-Participant 1 (00:23:56 - 00:24:12)


Yeah, I think it's a quarter. So the global promotion is back through February 28th of 2026. So at check in, you say the life of a Kimpton guest and then you get whatever their secret prizes.


Josh (00:24:13 - 00:24:41)


Love that. Yeah, that sounds great. I just remember the life of a Kimpton guest. That's really cool though. I think it's a really clever little touch. I'm thinking about these kind of hotels more broadly. Like, what do you kind of expect from them in terms of, I don't know, the service or what's the service? Do you expect the service to be like. Or the kind of amenities or. I don't know, the breakfast. You know, what are the kind of standards you'd have in mind?


MIL-Participant 1 (00:24:45 - 00:25:02)


Obviously, like, warm, friendly service, updated, bright, modern, like aesthetics, Something with character.


Josh (00:25:02 - 00:25:04)


Yeah, yeah.


MIL-Participant 1 (00:25:06 - 00:25:11)


I mean, breakfast. I. I'm very easy to please.


Josh (00:25:11 - 00:25:12)


Yeah.


MIL-Participant 1 (00:25:12 - 00:25:21)


Maybe an espresso machine in the room instead of like a crappy Keurig, but that's. Yeah.


Josh (00:25:21 - 00:25:23)


What's your go to hotel breakfast?


MIL-Participant 1 (00:25:25 - 00:25:41)


I just get an omelette. If they have omelets or pancakes, coffee is probably number one for me. Yeah, yeah, we'll say something with like a nice coffee shop is always.


Josh (00:25:41 - 00:26:20)


Well, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, that makes sense. I just. Random one. I guess one of the things that. When we've been thinking about hotels quite a lot in the last week or so because we just started this project and I'd love to know if you agree with this or not, but even if you travel a lot, you know, hotels are not the everyday. Right. They're a bit different from it. Do you find you do things differently or do things you wouldn't do in a hotel? Do things in a hotel that you wouldn't do at home or in day to day life? Are there kind of little, little rituals or indulgences or services you wouldn't otherwise do, but you do, do, do when you're in a hotel?


MIL-Participant 1 (00:26:25 - 00:26:54)


Definitely, yeah. I don't think I've ever thought about this once though. I don't know. Yeah, I don't know, I feel like I might order. No, I don't really order room service, so I wouldn't do something like that. But I would order in at home. I don't know, maybe splurge on like a specialty coffee at the coffee shop.


Josh (00:26:54 - 00:26:54)


Yeah.


MIL-Participant 1 (00:26:54 - 00:26:57)


In the main lobby instead of making it at home.


Josh (00:26:58 - 00:27:08)


Yeah, yeah, yeah. Go for something with more vowels in the name than just Americano, right? Yeah, yeah, yeah, that makes sense. Yeah, for sure.


MIL-Participant 1 (00:27:09 - 00:27:09)


And.


Josh (00:27:09 - 00:27:38)


And I suppose, you know, one of the things that I guess kind of interesting about the hotels we've been talking about, right. The sort of the Kimptons or the, I guess the Harborline Hotels to some extent or W hotels, things like that, is a sort of a sense of sociability that sometimes comes with that. Do you find yourself interacting with other guests when you're in a hotel or, you know, even just sort of being in the atmosphere or would you rather keep yourself yourself a little bit?


MIL-Participant 1 (00:27:39 - 00:27:52)


I don't think I'd seek it out, but I also wouldn't try to stay to myself. Yeah, I tend to be a social person but like I'm not like looking for like, oh, it's social hour.


Josh (00:27:52 - 00:27:53)


Yeah, yeah.


MIL-Participant 1 (00:27:53 - 00:27:55)


See how many people I can meet.


Josh (00:27:55 - 00:27:59)


Yeah, for sure, for sure. It probably becomes a bit like a networking event at some point if you have that.


MIL-Participant 1 (00:28:00 - 00:28:00)


Exactly.


Josh (00:28:00 - 00:28:43)


Yeah, for sure. I mean if you were kind of say you were going on a city break to a city you've never been to before, which, I mean, there might not be very many of them, I don't know. But somewhere you'd like to go, what kind of hotel would you know and let's say it's a three, three days. You. Maybe you're going to see a sports game, but what kind of hotel would you instinctively want to stay in? Right. And assuming each has got location nailed down. Right. Are you looking for something high end, something that kind of like sort of premium but not exclusive, Something more functional? Where did your kind of head immediately go?


MIL-Participant 1 (00:28:49 - 00:29:23)


I would probably. Here's what I do. I would go on Amex, Fine hotels and resorts. I would. And I would probably look for something that's in the hotel collection category because that tends to be like the four and a half, five star, like the sweet spot. Before you get to like, Four Seasons and all those type of brands and see if there's a good one there or if there's a new hotel that opened up that's been getting good press, I might visit that.


Josh (00:29:23 - 00:29:32)


Yeah. Interesting. They sort of, you know, you know, the kind of sweet spot already. Right. And then about picking what fits within the sweet spot.


MIL-Participant 1 (00:29:32 - 00:29:33)


Yeah.


Josh (00:29:34 - 00:29:43)


Nice. I mentioned, obviously we're working with Acme. There aren't that many Harborline Hotels. There might be more in the future.


MIL-Participant 1 (00:29:44 - 00:29:45)


But.


Josh (00:29:47 - 00:29:48)


You never stayed in a Harborline Hotel.


MIL-Participant 1 (00:29:48 - 00:29:49)


I'm not.


Josh (00:29:50 - 00:30:04)


Not many people have. Right. So that's fine. And that's kind of why we're doing this research. But. But I guess if you were to imagine what a Harborline Hotel might be like, what would you expect it to be?


MIL-Participant 1 (00:30:04 - 00:30:05)


A Kimpton.


Josh (00:30:06 - 00:30:06)


Right? Okay.


MIL-Participant 1 (00:30:06 - 00:30:28)


Yeah. I would expect it to be pretty much the same thing, which is great. It's perfect. If Acme had maybe a bigger footprint, I'd be more likely to stay because I think the city's Harborline Hotels are in. It's a competitive market. Right. Dallas, Chicago, New York.


Josh (00:30:28 - 00:30:29)


Yeah.


MIL-Participant 1 (00:30:29 - 00:30:31)


New Orleans. I think there's one. Yeah.


Josh (00:30:32 - 00:30:33)


Yeah. Vegas.


MIL-Participant 1 (00:30:33 - 00:30:34)


Yeah.


Josh (00:30:35 - 00:30:40)


What made you kind of go Kimpton, Right. Why does it feel Kimpton Adjacent?


MIL-Participant 1 (00:30:41 - 00:31:00)


Well, like the Acme Brand as a whole is kind of fun, energetic, kind of something that Kimpton's going for. And I don't feel it's like a W. W just seems a little bit more. I guess it's got too much of Marriott in it. Kimpton still has kind of their, like, boutiqueness.


Josh (00:31:01 - 00:31:12)


Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. That kind of boutique. I just realized that. I wonder if it's deliberate. But, you know, W is an M upside down. I wonder if that's.


MIL-Participant 1 (00:31:12 - 00:31:15)


I think W was a Starwood Hotel.


Josh (00:31:15 - 00:31:16)


Oh, okay. Yeah, Yeah.


MIL-Participant 1 (00:31:17 - 00:31:18)


I might be wrong, though.


Josh (00:31:18 - 00:31:24)


No, I think you're right. But, yeah. That boutique feel kind of. Yeah, yeah. What else?


MIL-Participant 1 (00:31:24 - 00:31:25)


You.


Josh (00:31:25 - 00:31:35)


What else does Kind of that boutique vibe. What would you expect with that? Just kind of intrigued because the moment we're working with Acme, we're trying to work out what the hotel should be like as much everything else.


MIL-Participant 1 (00:31:35 - 00:31:47)


And. Yeah. And are staying at one Harborline property in one city is a different experience than staying at a different city.


Josh (00:31:47 - 00:31:48)


Yeah, yeah.


MIL-Participant 1 (00:31:48 - 00:32:08)


There's still, like, obviously the same core thread. Like, you expect great service, comfortable bed, like polished product, but the vibes may be a little bit different or there's something quirky maybe about it. Yeah. Good way.


Josh (00:32:09 - 00:32:30)


Yeah. That's really, really interesting. And I guess, I don't know, put you on the spot. If you were to kind of go and it's entirely hypothetical and there's no right or wrong answer at all. Yeah. So there's a Harborline Hotel in Nashville, there's one in Chicago, and there's one in London. What would you. How would you imagine those three to be different from one another? How would you imagine they would make them different? I guess.


Eva (00:32:34 - 00:32:38)


And Allard. And what would you see being consistent.


MIL-Participant 1 (00:32:40 - 00:33:21)


Consistent. Obviously the red, I think. Be consistent. The red themes, I think maybe for the London one's a little bit hard because I don't know what I'd expect, but from something that, as a U.S. person, I would think is more of like a British hotel brand, I would expect maybe something a little bit like. A little bit of England, like, thrown in there as kind of like a core character piece.


Josh (00:33:21 - 00:33:21)


Yeah.


MIL-Participant 1 (00:33:22 - 00:33:29)


And then something that's local to wherever, whatever city it is.


Josh (00:33:29 - 00:33:47)


Yeah, yeah, yeah. That makes a lot of sense. And I'm kind of intrigued because it's not. Weirdly, it's not something that's come up in our conversation so far, but I think it's really important, you know, as a someone based in the U.S. do you. Do you think a version is a kind of British brand?


MIL-Participant 1 (00:33:49 - 00:33:52)


I do. Because Skylark Air's British.


Josh (00:33:52 - 00:33:53)


Yeah.


MIL-Participant 1 (00:33:53 - 00:33:57)


Obviously Richard Branson is from England, so.


Josh (00:33:57 - 00:33:58)


Yeah, yeah, yeah.


MIL-Participant 1 (00:34:00 - 00:34:10)


That's kind of how I view it. Also, a lot of, like, the Crescent Collection stuff is over on that side.


Josh (00:34:11 - 00:34:17)


Yeah, yeah. I mean, you know, and I promise you won't be hurting any feelings here, but is that a good thing?


MIL-Participant 1 (00:34:18 - 00:34:39)


I. I actually. I think it is because it's different. Yeah. Like Skylark Air, obviously, British airline, and there's British Airways. Like, if I was to fly one of the two, I'd fly Skylark Air because it has. It has some character to it.


Josh (00:34:39 - 00:34:40)


Yeah, yeah.


MIL-Participant 1 (00:34:41 - 00:34:45)


Where British Airways just seems like another airline.


Josh (00:34:45 - 00:34:47)


The American Airlines with different colors.


MIL-Participant 1 (00:34:47 - 00:34:48)


Right, exactly.


Josh (00:34:48 - 00:35:12)


American Airlines. Yeah, for sure. Um, I mean, we sort of touched upon this, but I'm kind of interested to go, well, if you've got a Harborline Hotel, you know, what kind of things do you expect to. Standard. Right. Whether that's amenities, whether that's about service. Like what. What would come. What would you feel like you're guaranteed to get with a Harborline Hotel? Hypothetically.


MIL-Participant 1 (00:35:15 - 00:35:48)


Like, great service, like, nice, warm, friendly person to talk to at the front desk. That's like, I think, the signature that would, like, make the stay. And then just like a modern hotel room that's comfortable to stay in. Yeah, obvious. Like amenities that are upscale but, like, don't need to be super bougie. Premium, but obviously Holiday Inn Express.


Josh (00:35:48 - 00:35:58)


Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. It may make sense, kind of, you know, I guess what you'd expect in a Kimpton. Right?


MIL-Participant 1 (00:35:58 - 00:35:59)


Exactly.


Josh (00:35:59 - 00:36:22)


Yeah. And what kind of people do you imagine would stay in a Harborline Hotel? And I. I guess that you could look at that in loads. Is that a certain person with a certain type of personality, or is it maybe more like it's for business travelers or it's for families or it's for older people or younger people? What do you kind of imagine the Harborline Hotel guest to be like?


MIL-Participant 1 (00:36:22 - 00:36:41)


I would think it would be a similar demographic to Bluefin Voyages. Kind of the 20 to 40 age range is like the sweet spot. Like maybe families, but typically more couples.


Josh (00:36:41 - 00:36:42)


Yeah.


MIL-Participant 1 (00:36:42 - 00:36:43)


Or people in business.


Josh (00:36:44 - 00:37:00)


Yeah. Yeah, that makes sense. And. And kind of, I guess, thinking a bit more. Don't know, a bit more widely, like, what kind of people are they? Right. Are they serious fun?


MIL-Participant 1 (00:37:05 - 00:37:22)


They're working professionals who are all work very hard and are looking to have fun and aren't very uptight, I guess.


Josh (00:37:22 - 00:37:34)


Yeah, yeah, that's. That's really. I mean, because it's really interesting because on one hand you'd be like, yeah, of course. But then you kind of go, well, I don't think that would be the same as someone staying in a. In a Waldorf Astoria necessarily. Right.


MIL-Participant 1 (00:37:34 - 00:37:35)


It's exactly.


Josh (00:37:35 - 00:37:36)


Yeah. Yeah.


MIL-Participant 1 (00:37:36 - 00:37:42)


Maybe like the 10% that stay at a Waldorf.


Josh (00:37:43 - 00:37:45)


Yeah. Would fall into that.


MIL-Participant 1 (00:37:45 - 00:37:46)


Yeah.


Josh (00:37:46 - 00:37:56)


Yeah, that makes sense. Yeah. It's really. Yeah. Really, really interesting. And I think that idea of not being uptight is kind of quite. Quite telling.


MIL-Participant 1 (00:37:56 - 00:37:56)


Right.


Josh (00:37:56 - 00:38:02)


It says something about people, whatever they're into. Wait. Whatever age they are. But that kind of. It's a mindset, isn't it?


MIL-Participant 1 (00:38:02 - 00:38:03)


Yeah.


Josh (00:38:06 - 00:38:37)


And I guess again, I'm really talking hypotheticals. We're trying to work out what the Harborline Hotel Experience should be like. So it's quite good to get some perspective of someone who knows the brand but doesn't know the hotels. Yeah. What do you think would or could make a Harborline Hotel feel a bit different to other hotels? What might they do to make it feel a bit more different or a bit more memorable or what feels. What might you expect that's unexpected from there, if that makes sense?


MIL-Participant 1 (00:38:38 - 00:39:01)


I think something that would be interesting is almost like the Kimpton secret password but like an interesting check in ritual that like is the signature at every Harborline Hotel that you're like, I don't know, flip a coin and then you get. You might spin the wheel and get a prize or something.


Josh (00:39:01 - 00:39:07)


Yeah, yeah, yeah. I love that. A kind of a sort of a low stakes lottery.


MIL-Participant 1 (00:39:07 - 00:39:08)


Exactly.


Josh (00:39:08 - 00:39:17)


You know, the upgrade wheel or whatever could be quite cool. Yeah, I love that. What. Why does that feel acme?


MIL-Participant 1 (00:39:20 - 00:39:39)


Because it's something that's not like serious. Something that's like whimsical. Yeah. It's just. I don't. It has that boutiqueness that I think Acme kind of has down with their airlines.


Josh (00:39:39 - 00:39:40)


Yeah.


MIL-Participant 1 (00:39:40 - 00:39:41)


Cruise lines.


Josh (00:39:41 - 00:39:45)


Yeah, yeah, yeah. Have you ever been in a Bluefin Voyages Bluefin Cruise?


MIL-Participant 1 (00:39:45 - 00:39:51)


I have not. If I were going on a cruise on the routes that they go on.


Josh (00:39:51 - 00:39:52)


Yeah.


MIL-Participant 1 (00:39:52 - 00:39:53)


Would be my number one pick.


Josh (00:39:53 - 00:40:05)


Yeah. Interesting. And why is that? Is it sort of the demographic or the kind of, you know, cruising cruises can be stereotyped as for. Yeah, right.


MIL-Participant 1 (00:40:05 - 00:40:16)


Yeah. The demographic seems to be a little bit more upscale, which is what the targeting. It's adults only, which I like. Not having kids.


Josh (00:40:16 - 00:40:16)


Yeah.


MIL-Participant 1 (00:40:18 - 00:40:24)


And then it has that, that fun boutique vibe. Even though you're on a cruise ship with 2,000 plus people.


Josh (00:40:24 - 00:40:34)


Yeah. This is a question which I should have asked earlier but, but forgot. If you're traveling for business or if you're traveling with your wife for business.


Eva (00:40:36 - 00:40:36)


Do you.


Josh (00:40:36 - 00:40:41)


Are you looking for something different? If you're traveling for fun or is it kind of the same?


MIL-Participant 1 (00:40:47 - 00:41:17)


Depends. I'm definitely open to something different, but I think I seek out something that I know or at least is. I know. Like what? Like if I were to stay at a different Marriott brand than I already had, then I've stayed at, then I know it's okay. It's under the Marriott umbrella, so it should be good.


Josh (00:41:18 - 00:41:38)


Yeah, yeah. Makes sense. Great. Trying to think if we've got any other questions. I think we covered an awful lot, which is interesting. Is amazing. I. I guess it's again, stay in the world of hypothetical Harborline Hotels. Obviously they've Got the cruise lines, they've got the airline.


MIL-Participant 1 (00:41:39 - 00:41:39)


Yep.


Josh (00:41:41 - 00:41:54)


Could you see a world where they're kind of connected up so you get off a Skylark Air flight and you go to a Harborline Hotel. Could that be a good thing, Right. That you know it's all part of one or would you rather. There's kind of a difference between the few things.


MIL-Participant 1 (00:41:55 - 00:42:11)


I actually think that is really, would be really beneficial if there's like an all in package. Obviously the footprint would have to change slightly to accommodate that, but.


Josh (00:42:12 - 00:42:12)


Yeah.


MIL-Participant 1 (00:42:14 - 00:42:19)


Yeah. If the price point like made sense, that would be like a no brainer.


Josh (00:42:21 - 00:42:34)


Yeah. And I guess it kind of depends how much you like Acme. Right. But you know, if you're a Acme fan then it and you expect a certain thing from the airline or the cruising experience, then hopefully it will continue through into the hotels.


MIL-Participant 1 (00:42:35 - 00:42:42)


Yeah. I feel like Acme kind of has a culty following in the best kind of way. People who like it, love it.


Josh (00:42:42 - 00:42:43)


Yeah.


MIL-Participant 1 (00:42:44 - 00:42:51)


Like I have a friend who, he's like, I will only I will take a layover in London just so I can fly Skylark Air


Josh (00:42:52 - 00:42:54)


I was like, all right, that's so interesting.


MIL-Participant 1 (00:42:55 - 00:42:55)


What?


Josh (00:42:57 - 00:43:04)


Why? I mean, most people hate airlines, right? Well, why is it that have that cult following?


MIL-Participant 1 (00:43:08 - 00:43:24)


Because it's probably the most consistent of the European airlines. Right. Like you have Lufthansa, which is hit or miss, Air France, which is largely good, but most people typically go to London, so.


Josh (00:43:25 - 00:43:26)


Yeah, yeah.


MIL-Participant 1 (00:43:28 - 00:43:30)


They also have nicer airplanes.


Josh (00:43:30 - 00:43:56)


Yeah, yeah. I mean, and if you follow that logic, then would you expect the same relative niceness in the hotel? You know, if, if you've got a choice between Air France or Acme or I don't know, let's say a Harborline Hotel or I don't know, W hotel, for example, you expect something. Maybe W is not the right example, but you'd expect kind of higher level of.


MIL-Participant 1 (00:43:56 - 00:44:01)


Yes. Yeah, W. I'd consider more of a party hotel.


Josh (00:44:01 - 00:44:02)


Yeah.


MIL-Participant 1 (00:44:03 - 00:44:05)


Which I typically avoid.


Josh (00:44:05 - 00:44:11)


Yeah, for sure. Do you think Acme would be a party hotel?


MIL-Participant 1 (00:44:11 - 00:44:19)


Actually, I wouldn't consider it that, but I don't think there's enough data points to tell graphic they've captured.


Josh (00:44:20 - 00:44:37)


Yeah, yeah, for sure. Because I, I mean, again, it's sort of, it's just a really good question for Acme because I wonder, is this kind of fun? I don't know, maybe you tell me. But maybe slightly hedonistic brand, but. But not a party brand necessarily.


MIL-Participant 1 (00:44:38 - 00:44:42)


Exactly. It walks the line where it's, it's like a Kimpton.


Josh (00:44:42 - 00:44:43)


Yeah.


MIL-Participant 1 (00:44:44 - 00:45:12)


And then I've never stayed at like the Standard Hotel. You've heard of them? Yeah. I consider that similar ish relic is definitely a lot more boutique y. The one thing I do like about the Standard is they have some more resort properties which I think would help something like diversion hotels.


Josh (00:45:13 - 00:45:13)


Yeah.


MIL-Participant 1 (00:45:13 - 00:45:23)


Because just being a city hotel is a little difficult when a lot of the states are kind of run by Marriott's Hiltons.


Josh (00:45:23 - 00:45:32)


Yeah. And I guess city hotels, maybe even if you're there for fun, they, they, they have a slightly more functional edge to them than a resort.


MIL-Participant 1 (00:45:32 - 00:45:33)


Right. Yeah.


Josh (00:45:36 - 00:45:56)


My last question, I suppose if you had one bit of advice to give to Richard Branson about. He said, jason, we've got these hotels. We, we just kind of want to make them interesting. What would you ask him to implement? Could be as wild as you like.


MIL-Participant 1 (00:46:03 - 00:46:15)


I'm not the creative one, so I would probably say, like, lean into what made Bluefin Voyages successful. What made Skylark Air successful.


Josh (00:46:18 - 00:46:20)


Which is in your mind.


MIL-Participant 1 (00:46:22 - 00:46:23)


Yeah.


Josh (00:46:24 - 00:46:32)


And what, what. And he said, okay, like, what, what would. What the. What are the bits of voyages or Atlantic, would you think, make them successful?


MIL-Participant 1 (00:46:34 - 00:46:54)


The people. Number one. I don't know. Like, the one nice thing about, like, Bluefin Voyages is like, the. No, there's no, like, paying for extra for, like, not nickel and diming.


Josh (00:46:54 - 00:46:55)


Yeah.


MIL-Participant 1 (00:46:58 - 00:47:25)


Because they don't have like the specialty restaurants that you have on other cruise lines. And then Skylark Air is like, very reasonable to upgrade, legroom it like that type of, I guess, pricing where like. Sure. I, I don't feel like I'm getting ripped off to splurge for the extra, like, thing.


Josh (00:47:25 - 00:47:26)


Yeah.


MIL-Participant 1 (00:47:26 - 00:47:30)


It feels like a communication of mutual respect.


Josh (00:47:31 - 00:47:31)


Yes.


MIL-Participant 1 (00:47:31 - 00:47:38)


You run a business, but, like, if you want that extra leg room, don't worry, we're not gonna try to push profits.


Josh (00:47:39 - 00:48:39)


It's. It's a really good. I think it's a really good way of putting it. Maybe it's because I booked some flights recently through a airline that definitely wasn't Acme. But the sense of often you're kind of locked in a battle with companies or you're trying to. You're trying to work out, you're trying to come out best in a. In a slightly kind of lopsided game. Right. How do I get the leg room but not pay for that? And how do I, you know, exactly. That sort of mutual respect is like, we're here to. We're here to provide something for you and you're here to willingly pay for it. Right. I think it's actually quite. Maybe it's been forgotten in a Lot of. A lot of walks of life. I think that's a really, really good principle to bear in mind. Well, if I ever meet Richard, I'll. I'll tell him Miles said that because I think makes a lot of sense. Yeah. Hey, anything. Any questions from you? I mean, we've covered loads of stuff. Yeah, we have.


Eva (00:48:39 - 00:48:51)


I just wonder. It sounds like you travel a lot with your wife. How her perspective of what's important in a hotel is different from yours.


MIL-Participant 1 (00:48:52 - 00:48:53)


Do you want me to get her?


Josh (00:48:55 - 00:48:56)


Yeah.


MIL-Participant 1 (00:49:01 - 00:49:02)


Let me text her.


Eva (00:49:03 - 00:49:11)


Yeah. Or out of mind. Like, for example, for you, it's most important location for her is food or whatever.


Josh (00:49:15 - 00:49:17)


Don't worry if it's too difficult.


Eva (00:49:18 - 00:49:19)


Just curious.


MIL-Participant 1 (00:49:25 - 00:49:28)


She might be in a meeting. She's working from home today, too. I work remote.


Eva (00:49:29 - 00:49:33)


I mean, it's more like when you're booking. Right. Like, and if something.


MIL-Participant 1 (00:49:33 - 00:49:39)


I mostly do all the booking. Personal travel. I do all the research. And then she's like, cool.


Eva (00:49:41 - 00:49:42)


Good.


MIL-Participant 1 (00:49:42 - 00:49:53)


Yeah. But there, she's normally the one. When we do, like, the postmortem of our stay, she's like, we're not staying there again.


Eva (00:49:55 - 00:49:55)


Okay.


Josh (00:49:56 - 00:50:01)


What are her reasons usually, or have been the reasons in the past for Vita, we're blacklisting certain hotels.


MIL-Participant 1 (00:50:04 - 00:50:29)


I mean, they're very simple things that if. If a hotel didn't get right, like, they should be reviewing it. Like the Conrad and Koh Samui. The housekeeping was atrocious. Like, I've never stayed at a hotel and housekeeping been that bad. Like, simple things that, like, every hotel should get right.


Josh (00:50:29 - 00:50:42)


Yeah. Yeah. Great. Brilliant. Well, I think we've covered everything. I mean, unless you have any other final thoughts, Miles, or anything as we've been talking, anything about hotels that you think we should be thinking about. Right.


MIL-Participant 1 (00:50:43 - 00:50:43)


Or.


Josh (00:50:45 - 00:50:46)


Worth. Worth exploring?


MIL-Participant 1 (00:50:50 - 00:51:02)


Yeah, I guess more of a question. So are we. Are you trying to evaluate currently with Acme's portfolio that they have now for hotels or for things in the future?


Josh (00:51:03 - 00:51:33)


They're both. I think the job that we're sort of helping them with is to go, what should the experience be like? And how do we make the current experience a bit better? How do we bring new things to the experience? How do we ultimately. How do we make it memorable? I think that's the question that we're grappling with, really. You'll see a lot of the questions that we. Us to sort of. Yeah, focused on those kind of things. But, yeah, bit of both. Bit of what. What can we change today? And what. What can we develop in the future?


MIL-Participant 1 (00:51:34 - 00:52:06)


Okay. I guess one thing I would like to see because there's the Crescent Collection properties and then the Harborline Hotels properties. I don't know how they're set up structure wise or if this would be possible. I know they're. You can book both using acme rewards coins, but if they had more of a cohesive loyalty program because something like the Acme Limited properties tend to cater more towards places I like to go.


Josh (00:52:06 - 00:52:07)


Yeah.


MIL-Participant 1 (00:52:07 - 00:52:12)


Rather than the city hotels. But I think it would be good.


Josh (00:52:14 - 00:52:19)


What do you want to see in a loyalty program? Is it just sort of points and discounts or is there anything else you'd.


MIL-Participant 1 (00:52:19 - 00:52:47)


Kind of points discount? Yeah, like, obviously, like a loyalty tier would be good. But yeah, just something where it's. You, you know what you're building towards by staying there. Like it feels like you're doing something by like, oh, I'll stay at the Harborline Hotel because if I say three more nights, I go from silver status to gold status.


Josh (00:52:48 - 00:53:03)


Yeah. A sense of progress, right? Yeah, that makes sense. Great. Well, unless you've got any other final thoughts, Miles, we'll leave you back to Your Monday the 5th and the rest of the week ahead of you.


MIL-Participant 1 (00:53:03 - 00:53:05)


Great. Thank you so much.


Josh (00:53:05 - 00:53:11)


Thank you. It's been a great conversation. Really appreciate it. Good luck with your next travels. Wherever they take you.


MIL-Participant 1 (00:53:11 - 00:53:12)


Yes, thank you.


Eva (00:53:14 - 00:53:18)


Hi. I'll stop the recording.


Josh (00:53:22 - 00:53:23)


Cool.


Eva (00:53:24 - 00:53:26)


What an interesting character.


Josh (00:53:26 - 00:53:59)


Yeah, he's a tough, tougher person to talk to than. But what I find really weird. Americans just really understand or like the how hotels are structured and the business models behind them. Right. That's part of the IHG and they always refer to them as properties. Right. Rather than hotels. And it's really odd. I feel like British audience would never talk about, oh, I stayed in the Kimpton property and obviously that's part of the Marriott group. Right. It's.


Eva (00:53:59 - 00:54:14)


But are we. It's. Is it because we're talking to this type of people that are more business conscious. Ryden money. I mean, what it was interesting for me about him is it's not about money, it's about status.


Josh (00:54:14 - 00:54:15)


Yeah.


Eva (00:54:15 - 00:54:29)


You took. He talked about that I have status in all of these brands. He clearly is milking the points. You know, there is something interesting as a reward.


Josh (00:54:29 - 00:54:30)


Yeah.


Eva (00:54:30 - 00:54:44)


You know, and kind of a gamification of where do you stay and how and how much and, and you know. Yeah. People. People who are in business more. It's almost like. Yeah. Like trading, I guess.


Josh (00:54:44 - 00:54:49)


Yeah. Even the nice lady we spoke with earlier talked about points. Right.


Eva (00:54:50 - 00:54:51)


Yeah.


Josh (00:54:51 - 00:54:56)


And I Guess it's so. It's so kind of established as part of the hotels category in the US.


Eva (00:54:56 - 00:55:11)


I wonder if it's more American than British as well. Right. Like you get something out of loyalty. So. And yeah, you're rewarded for not cheating.


Josh (00:55:11 - 00:55:24)


I definitely think US loyalty programs are better than British ones. Right. You credit card loyalty programs, you get more. It's really hard to get Avios points, for example. But I think if you're points started.


Eva (00:55:24 - 00:55:25)


Yeah.


Josh (00:55:25 - 00:55:28)


And I guess there's probably also something which is America's so much bigger.


Eva (00:55:29 - 00:55:30)


Yeah.


Josh (00:55:30 - 00:55:37)


Far more likely to stay in a hotel for business or leisure, whereas in Britain you might get a train. Yeah.


Eva (00:55:38 - 00:55:54)


But also there's more pressure, I guess on service. And loyalty is part of a service, the differentiator. It's something weird that happens in America. Either there is a gap technological or proposition.


Josh (00:55:54 - 00:55:54)


Right.


Eva (00:55:55 - 00:56:23)


That simply doesn't exist. And I cannot think about one right now. But all you have like the best service. For example, I discover United Airlines and I love, love them. Right. Like I can talk for hours about the different things that make my trip memorable every time. And I'm not a business traveler. Right. Like I just work hard for my.


MIL-Participant 1 (00:56:23 - 00:56:23)


Points.


Eva (00:56:25 - 00:56:33)


All this type of things. But now I'm choosing united over British 100% of the times that I can.


Josh (00:56:34 - 00:56:44)


Yeah, I think United was good when I feel United. Other thing that I came up a little bit, and I think this is interesting, is the perception of versions of British brand.


Eva (00:56:46 - 00:56:47)


I like that. Yeah.


Josh (00:56:47 - 00:56:48)


What we do with that.


Eva (00:56:51 - 00:57:03)


I guess it gives permission for. For something about the history and the authentic roots of the brand to come through.


Josh (00:57:06 - 00:57:37)


Completely in a way that I don't think you can do that in Britain because Acme is your, you know, broadband provider and your gym. And I think it also allows for a bit of. You've got more freedom to be quirky. Right. And more people are more forgiving about quirkiness because of it. It was like, you know, if you had like the sort of spin a wheel for an upgrade in a British hot. In a British version. I said I can imagine people are like, oh, this is a bit gimmicky. But I can sort of see it maybe working in because it's like, oh, Acme, cool.


Eva (00:57:39 - 00:58:10)


I agree. And almost like the unanimous expectation of the brand. I think that is some. Something really clear people. Right. Like the expectation is that it's not the Waldorf, it's not the Four Seasons, it is closer to the Hoxton, close to whatever. Right. Like it's boutique, it's cheeky. Is irreverent. Is. They have not said irreverent. But I can. Yeah, but, yeah. Yes, he was. He was tough to talk to.


Josh (00:58:10 - 00:58:21)


Yeah, but I thought the line. It's just the Kimpton. I was like, oh, interesting. Okay. It makes sense. Yeah. Well, yeah, it was good. Very good. A couple of good, good meetings today. Yes.


Eva (00:58:24 - 00:58:36)


All right, let's go to the next one. Well, not the next one tonight. Me and John and I won't be able to join, but I'll watch the recording. Do you want me to set up Kalu?


Josh (00:58:36 - 00:58:39)


Yeah, if you can, because I think I'll get lost.


Eva (00:58:39 - 00:58:41)


I'll set up Kalubat 8 and.


Josh (00:58:42 - 00:58:44)


Amazing. Brilliant. Thanks, Eva.


Eva (00:58:44 - 00:58:45)


Thank you, Josh.
