Owen

Chad (00:03:52 - 00:03:53)


Hey, Owen, how are you?


KEN-Participant 1 (00:03:53 - 00:03:57)


Hey. I'm good. Sorry, I couldn't find the link in the email. It's taking me a second.


Chad (00:03:58 - 00:04:03)


No, no worries, man. You're perfectly on time. We are in no major rush.


KEN-Participant 1 (00:04:10 - 00:04:11)


My camera's blocked.


Chad (00:04:11 - 00:04:18)


It says it's on. Lying to you, Owen. It's lying.


KEN-Participant 1 (00:04:19 - 00:04:36)


Yeah. I don't know why it's telling me it's on, but it's not showing me. There we go.


Chad (00:04:37 - 00:04:42)


There we go. You had the cover over it, didn't you?


KEN-Participant 1 (00:04:42 - 00:04:43)


Yeah, I did.


Chad (00:04:45 - 00:04:54)


I will tell Owen. It'll be our little secret. We've all been there. How are you, my man?


KEN-Participant 1 (00:04:54 - 00:04:55)


I'm good, how are you?


Chad (00:04:56 - 00:04:59)


Yeah, we're good. Thanks for taking the time.


KEN-Participant 1 (00:04:59 - 00:05:00)


Yeah, no problem.


Chad (00:05:02 - 00:05:29)


So I'm. I'm hoping you understand a little bit what we're doing, but I'll give you a little bit of the spiel. So were engaged with a project with Harborline Hotels. And so you've been kind of connected through Acme. And our, our goal in a sort of mission is to really understand people's desires and behaviors around engaging in hotel properties, particularly ones that are a little bit more on the slightly higher end of the four to five star sort of experience.


KEN-Participant 1 (00:05:29 - 00:05:30)


Okay.


Chad (00:05:30 - 00:05:52)


And so we really want to just kind of get under the skin a little bit about you and your travel sort of background and what are some of the things that have created memorable moments and stays for you and really just try to unpack sort of how. How Acme might be able to position the product offering to really take advantage of. Of folks like yourself.


KEN-Participant 1 (00:05:53 - 00:05:53)


Okay.


Chad (00:05:53 - 00:05:54)


If that makes sense.


KEN-Participant 1 (00:05:54 - 00:05:55)


Yeah.


Chad (00:05:55 - 00:06:20)


So we're from a company called Hidden Strategy. My name is Chad and this is my lovely colleague. Maybe she's on the screen, maybe not aa. And yeah, let's. There's no wrong answers. So we're just going to have a super casual chat. Just kind of chat through a number of adventures you'd had. There's a couple different areas we want to unpack a little bit, but really it's just sort of some back and forth and just kind of listen to where you're at. That makes sense.


KEN-Participant 1 (00:06:21 - 00:06:22)


Yep, that makes sense.


Eva (00:06:22 - 00:06:36)


I'm gonna start recording now to be able to capture that so we can focus on the conversation and not taking notes, but we'll be taking notes anyway. Okay, very good.


Chad (00:06:36 - 00:06:43)


So to kick it off, Owen, like give us a little story about who you are and what it is you do and what kind of gets you fired up.


KEN-Participant 1 (00:06:45 - 00:07:04)


So I'm a 38 year old, I live in, technically I Live in Indiana, but I tell people, most people Louisville, because we live like right across the bridge from Louisville, Kentucky. And that's, that's where I work and that's where family and everything is. I'm a pharmacist at a hospital. I'm. I'm engaged. I live with my fiance.


Chad (00:07:04 - 00:07:05)


Congrats.


KEN-Participant 1 (00:07:06 - 00:07:29)


Thank you. No kids, but we have three dogs, which you may see them like popping and out of the screen at times. And then honestly, we, I mean, travel has kind of become one of our big things. I feel like we spend a decent amount of our disposable money. The last. Really. Actually it's probably been like eight or nine years now. Take taking trips, getting big trips a year.


Chad (00:07:29 - 00:07:32)


Do you go for a while.


KEN-Participant 1 (00:07:32 - 00:07:44)


We were doing like four when I was working night shift. I made a little bit more money then, but I also worked one week on, one week off, so it's very easy now. I would say we get out of the country at least twice a year.


Chad (00:07:45 - 00:07:46)


Okay.


KEN-Participant 1 (00:07:46 - 00:07:48)


So. And if able to do more and.


Chad (00:07:48 - 00:07:50)


Then we represent us Yanks.


KEN-Participant 1 (00:07:50 - 00:08:04)


Well, try to, hopefully. We're actually. We fly to Puerto Rico tomorrow. We're going on a bluefin cruise tomorrow. Yeah, it starts on Saturday, but it's a week cruise down in the Caribbean.


Chad (00:08:05 - 00:08:12)


Wow, that's exciting. Yeah, it's gonna be fun, man. Like everybody we've been trying to like bluefin cruises are doing something special. You guys are gonna have a blast.


KEN-Participant 1 (00:08:12 - 00:08:32)


Well, you know, my fiance was all. Always said, I don't want to do. We traveled a lot, but he was always like, I don't want to do a cruise. Like, I like being in control. But last year for my birthday, he bought us like a three night bluefin cruise and we loved it. So this year for his birthday, I kind of returned the favor. I was like, all right, we'll do. We'll do one and do like the whole week this time. So fun.


Chad (00:08:32 - 00:08:34)


Yeah, you guys are on a blast. That's awesome.


Eva (00:08:34 - 00:08:39)


So we are a week in a day, probably earlier for this interview.


Chad (00:08:39 - 00:08:42)


So I know I was gonna say we. We timed this wrong, Ava.


Eva (00:08:42 - 00:08:45)


Yeah, exactly. Yeah, no, it sounds.


Chad (00:08:46 - 00:09:03)


All right. So let's jump into a little bit. Like tell us a little bit about potentially something or a stay that you've been in that was just truly memorable and memorable for the right reasons. Not like cockroaches in the bed sort of memorable, but memorable because you walked away going, wow, that was, that was different and unique and I'll remember.


KEN-Participant 1 (00:09:03 - 00:09:54)


Yeah. Honestly, we've. We've had a lot. I Would say the last trip we took was memorable because my mom and dad have been wanting to go on a trip with us for a while. And so we finally took them. So we went to. We did a couple nights in London, a couple nights in Dublin and a couple nights in Edinburgh. And so just making the memories with them. It was really cool. And even, I mean, it's been. I guess we went in June. Every time I see my parents, they still talk about that trip. That was cool. And we, I mean, we stayed in some nice hotels. Like we stayed in the Park Hyatt in London, which is probably, I would say, the nicest one out of the three we stayed in. And I feel like that's like the third Park Hyatt we've stayed in. I feel like they always do just a really nice job. Everything looks nice when you get there. The service is like second to none.


Chad (00:09:55 - 00:09:58)


So talk to a little bit like.


Eva (00:09:58 - 00:10:12)


Sorry, just a question, like, generally, are you more people who arrange accommodation in hotels? Are you an Airbnb? Like, what is your approach?


KEN-Participant 1 (00:10:13 - 00:10:52)


We're hotel people and typically I would say pretty much always at least a four star hotel, but some, some like a nice Conrad or a park height or something like that. Most, most places we go to. I've done the Airbnb thing, I guess maybe like 10 years or so now. We. We did it a couple times. I just don't feel like the experience is as nice. I. It's probably just me, but I'm like, I'm laying in somebody else's bed. I don't know when they last wash these sheets. It's just you don't have all the amenities. There's not a bar down in the lobby that I can go to. So I just prefer the hotel thing.


Chad (00:10:52 - 00:11:06)


Okay, that makes sense, man. All right, so when you were at the Hyatt, then you were saying you kind of referenced some of the people and the service. So explain to us what, what stands out to be good service? Like, how did, how did they make you guys feel?


KEN-Participant 1 (00:11:07 - 00:11:33)


I mean, there is. Honestly, I remember this and not that they needed to do this, but we called down and asked for ice. I asked him where the ice machine was, but I guess they have somebody that comes and gets it for you. But they literally. The guy came and got the bucket from me and sprinted. Like, I saw him literally running to fill it and bring it right back. Which I was like, you don't have to do it. But I mean it's just like a, another level of like, okay, these people really Care like, he's.


Chad (00:11:35 - 00:11:36)


Trying to get that cocktail cold.


KEN-Participant 1 (00:11:37 - 00:12:00)


Yeah, yeah. So like just. Just little stuff like that. And then like, I don't know, it maybe sounds a little pretentious, but I like, like in, like when we were in Paris, we stayed at the Park Height in Paris. And like every morning you walk by, oh, bonjour, I don't speak French, and they're holding the door for you and they know your name by the end of the week and. And that kind of stuff. So, like, it's just a little more personal than maybe your typical hotel, say, I guess.


Chad (00:12:01 - 00:12:32)


Yeah. All right, makes sense. So you talked about the big trip there. It seems like you guys are going, you know, you're traveling quite madly for a while. Let's regale a couple more stories of just this episodes that happened particularly in the. In the context of. In a hotel setting. Something that. That sort of just. It stuck with you in terms of like, these guys get it. Like. And I might want to return here just because this was exception.


KEN-Participant 1 (00:12:32 - 00:13:14)


Yeah. I would say we stayed at the Conrad in Washington D.C. and it was my fiance's birthday weekend. And I don't know if they. I think they saw it just when we were checking in actually, and they like, stopped everything. We're like, well, we've got a. We can upgrade you to this room. And I mean, the room they put us in, all their rooms are nice, but the room they put us in was just over the top. Amazing. Which clearly you can't do that for every trip, but it's something I'll remember. Like, wow. Remember when they, you know, know they put us in that corner suite and we had all this. And it. They went. When we got up there, they had like a bottle of champagne. They had a cheese board sitting there for us. There were like some strawberries, a handwritten note that said happy birthday. So, like, little stuff like that, I feel like really, that I wouldn't even say little stuff. That's kind of a big thing.


Chad (00:13:15 - 00:13:16)


That is a big stuff.


KEN-Participant 1 (00:13:16 - 00:13:18)


The personal touch is it's. It's nice.


Chad (00:13:19 - 00:13:35)


Okay, so you sort of mentioned how you guys are definitely hotel guys and not necessarily Airbnb. So when you are choosing. Let's talk through the process of you've identified a place you're going to go, how do you then come down to select a place that you're going to stay?


KEN-Participant 1 (00:13:36 - 00:13:41)


So truthfully, we're like big points and miles people.


Chad (00:13:41 - 00:13:42)


Yep.


KEN-Participant 1 (00:13:42 - 00:14:39)


So I typically will almost always pay for the airline because I just. I have transferable miles to Most of the airlines and we've gone to the point now where we pretty much fly business class everywhere because well, I mean it's just nicer and if we can do it with the miles and then typically. So he's a diamond member with Hilton. So like if we can stay at a Hilton, there's some perks with that. Lately we've come to like Hyatt better though. Honestly, I just feel like the service and stuff is a little bit better. But if he can book like we're going to, we're going to Africa in July and we just booked. There's a Waldorf that's like, I think it's like 2500 a night. But he was able to get it with miles. So it's like if the, if you, if we find a deal like that where the miles go really far and something that we. Not that we maybe couldn't afford it but that we're not going to spend 2500 for a hotel tonight. So to get to do something like special like that and see that and then we'll lean into that and then.


Chad (00:14:39 - 00:14:50)


Typically it kind of becomes like a. Sorry. Kind of becomes a points. Points adventure of like how you can best utilize that point system to take the. Get the most bang for. For that point.


Eva (00:14:51 - 00:14:51)


Yeah.


KEN-Participant 1 (00:14:51 - 00:15:24)


And then if I'm the one paying for the trip, usually I pay for the hotels with cash because I just don't, I don't have the different. Like he travels a lot so he has a lot of hotel miles. I don't really have that. So then I'm just looking. I've got an Amex platinum, I've got a Chase card. Like some of them will give you 300. If you stay here, you'll get 300 back. You'll get this perk with this. So I'll look at that like which one's gonna just kind of what's gonna give me the best bang for the buck, I guess. And then I'd like to be like in an area, you know, somewhere central, wherever we're going, read the reviews and just make sure, you know, most people enjoy the hotel.


Chad (00:15:27 - 00:15:39)


I'm intrigued by the reviews things because it's. It always feels like this double edged sword where people say I'll read the reviews. But then when you hear it, people like, well, I don't really trust reviews. Where are you at with reviews?


KEN-Participant 1 (00:15:39 - 00:16:09)


I feel like you can usually get a decent consensus and you will. I'll read some. And it's like there were a hundred people that said it was amazing. And then there were two that just said it was absolutely terrible. I'm like, did they stay at the same hotel? What's going on here? But there's certain ones that I'll be reading the review, and it's 15 or 20 in a row. And then especially when people are like, I've stayed here forever for years, and it's just not the same product anymore, I come and, you know, this is. This needs updating. The service is not the same. Some. I kind of trust that kind of stuff. A little bit better, I would say.


Chad (00:16:11 - 00:16:14)


Interesting. So it's more of a. Oh, can.


Eva (00:16:14 - 00:16:39)


I ask a question? What happens when you book a hotel? So it. It sounds to me like you and your fiance like to surprise each other or you take turns on organizing the trips. Is there like any kind of, oh, what do you think about this hotel? Like, narrowing down options, looking at options or whatever?


KEN-Participant 1 (00:16:39 - 00:17:37)


Yeah, it. It really all depends there. We've done some trips that have been just complete surprises. Neither one of us knew. It was just like, hey, pack like this. Pack warm clothes. We're gonna go somewhere. And then, like, when you get to the airport, you'll find out. And. And I like. I actually like doing that. And I think he likes it too. I like planning the stuff, but for other things, like, we're going on a safari in Africa. I. I don't know anything about that. I can research online, but I'm also like, hey, I trust your input. Like, what do you think? Look at this place. I'm not the safe to send you, or we're gonna fly on this airline. We've never flown on it before. Why don't you read the reviews and see, like, we were about to book a business class flight on, like, Air Cairo for our trip over there, and then I'm like, why don't you YouTube and whatever? And then he gets back and he's like, it's a dry airline. They don't serve alcohol. And I'm like, yeah, that's. That's a deal breaker. For some people, that probably works. But for me, for make. If I'm flying business class on vacation, I'm like, I want my champagne when I get on the plane, and I want to have a good time. So, yeah, we. I think we trust each other's feedback pretty decently.


Eva (00:17:38 - 00:17:39)


Great. Thank you.


Chad (00:17:41 - 00:18:06)


Okay, so you've gone through and you've sort of identified where you've gone. You played the points game to see how you can maximize where you're going to stay. Is there a Part there where you are looking at the actual property itself. And, you know, I want something that looks a little bit larger, that has a stronger set of amenities or something a little bit smaller that's a little bit more intimate and boutique. Like, what's your thought process on what to switch off there? Or is it really just still driven by the points?


KEN-Participant 1 (00:18:06 - 00:18:55)


No, yeah, I would say since I, I typically, almost anytime I book the hotel, I don't actually use points. So I probably would. I would typically start with the like Amex list of fine hotels and twice a year they'll give you like 300. They kind of guarantee you a room upgrade. They give you this. So I'll basically start with that list and just see what, what to me looks the best. But it's stuff like you said, I'll read the reviews. I want it to be somewhere kind of central in town so we can get around wherever we're at pretty easily. I mean, I would want it to look nice, but honestly, if you're on like the fine hotels on Amex or the hotel collection, whatever, it's. You kind of know it's going to be a nicer hotel. Like, they don't. I feel like at least the ones we stayed, I feel like they don't just put anything on there. So. Yeah.


Chad (00:18:55 - 00:18:59)


Boutique versus large. Have any. Does have any sway or do you just.


KEN-Participant 1 (00:19:00 - 00:19:16)


I, I like them both, honestly. I would say kind of neutral on that. Honestly. We stayed in both. We've stayed in like the big, big names and then we've stayed in just boutique hotels. And I think they're both, they can both be nice.


Chad (00:19:18 - 00:19:24)


All right, so then you book something out and you, you said you, you got the cruise come up here in a couple weeks. How long ago did you was it that you booked that?


KEN-Participant 1 (00:19:26 - 00:20:19)


So I started booking the cruise. We usually will do like one big trip in January and one big trip in the summer at least. And then if we can squeeze smaller stuff in. So typically I will start like once we finish the summer trip, I'll start researching, like, what are we going to do for our winter trip. And I, because I like to have like, if I'm paying for flights for, like for his birthday, if I'm paying for flights for both of us, I'll do that one month. So I don't have a credit card statement coming in for like $10,000. Okay, here's $2,000 this month. 2,000. And then when you get there, everything's all right. I like to have everything paid off. I don't Want to be going on a trip worrying like, oh, there's gonna be a credit card. So just. And I break it up in little pieces, like, we'll get the hotel for this, we'll do this with this. So now I'm like, currently, honestly, I've pretty much already finished the Africa trip that we're doing in July, but kind of been doing the same thing month, month by month, just getting the flights there, getting the flights back, the hotels.


Chad (00:20:20 - 00:20:38)


Okay, that's interesting. Yeah, that's a unique strategy. So in terms of preparing for that trip, you've definitely, you know, you've got a, about a six month window or a time horizon. What do you guys do to, to get prepped?


KEN-Participant 1 (00:20:41 - 00:21:45)


Typically, I will. We used to kind of just go there really and just kind of wing it. But then we had a. We had it. We went to Japan and like culturally and stuff, it was very different. And I think at the end of the week we both felt like we would have planned this, but it was so fun. Honestly, I don't think we've ever had a bad trip. I mean, you're not at work, you're. You're out there exploring. But we both were like, if we would have planned this better, this could have been a much better trip. Like, I felt like maybe we missed some stuff. So honestly I, I'll usually will just read. I'll just Google like one week itinerary and I mean there's so many travel bloggers and stuff now I'll just see and you'll, you know, you'll notice if you read like 10 of them, a lot of them are saying, make sure you do this, make sure you do this. And I'll just make like a little itinerary for like, honestly each day of it. I usually book all of our dinners beforehand just because I feel like that's kind of nice to like have the restaurant booked and then honest. Obviously, like leave a lot. We leave a lot of free time too to like kind of meander through the city and just see stuff. But, but I'll usually will kind of plan, plan each day out. At least like one thing to do.


Chad (00:21:46 - 00:21:59)


Makes sense. Okay. And if they. How often do you engage with the hotel to actually help you do that planning or like how much do you seek their advice?


KEN-Participant 1 (00:21:59 - 00:22:25)


I never really have other than unless like we're checking in and they're like, hey, you know, make sure you. Is this your first time in the city? Yeah. Hey, you should go here for dinner. You should do this, if the person at the front desk like gives me a, a tip or something, I'll look at that. But I've never actually, prior to, called the hotel and asked them, hey, you know, can you help me with this or that? I've typically been able to do most of that on my own. I feel like if they were able.


Chad (00:22:25 - 00:22:44)


To send a bit more of a tailored guide over the period of time, you're going to be there for some stuff that was of interest that they had kind of curated and it was done obviously in a, in a, in a classy way. Is that something that would be useful or would that be more spam or would you not believe they could actually find the stuff you were really interested in?


KEN-Participant 1 (00:22:44 - 00:23:12)


No, I would, I would think. I would think it'd be useful. I definitely would read it. I mean, I would trust the people that live in that city to kind of have a better idea. I don't know that that would have any say. Say on, like if I wanted to stay at that hotel or not. If there were two equal hotels and amenities and everything, I don't know that that's going to necessarily gain the many points by having that, but if I got it, I'd make use of it.


Chad (00:23:12 - 00:23:37)


Okay, all right then let's dig into. We talked about why you sort of like the spaces that you go to. What about the pain points? What about areas where things haven't kind of gone according to plan and it probably could have been avoided? Let's share some of those stories.


KEN-Participant 1 (00:23:39 - 00:23:53)


Let me try to think because honestly, I don't know, I. I guess I'm just kind of an optimistic person. The good definitely outweighs the bad on pretty much all the trips. Hey, Craig, am I allowed to ask for a phone? A friend?


Chad (00:23:53 - 00:23:55)


Yeah, yeah. This can be a team sport, man.


KEN-Participant 1 (00:23:55 - 00:24:04)


Can you think of any bad experiences that we've had, like traveling? Does it. Do you want it to be strictly related to the hotel or just ideally.


Chad (00:24:04 - 00:24:19)


It'D be one of like getting work. Our, Our mission here is trying to. There's insights how we can make experience better. So we find points in the hotel where like, I don't know, the towels are always too small or whatever. Even if it's something small, there's. There's something underneath that. Sometimes we can go, oh, there might be an opportunity.


KEN-Participant 1 (00:24:25 - 00:24:33)


Yeah, we have had that a couple times. You get there and your room's not ready, even though we are there past the check in time, which, you know.


Chad (00:24:33 - 00:24:35)


That'S a flexible check in.


KEN-Participant 1 (00:24:35 - 00:25:09)


Yeah. And if you just traveled like, you know, you've been flying for 24 hours or whatever. Really. You're just like, I just want a hot shower and to be in my room. And then also certain loins, like a lot of them will let you check in on the app and then use the app to, to get into your room. So you don't have to even go stand at the front desk or any of that, which is nice. But then sometimes randomly, like you'll need a room key to get in the elevator and the app won't work. So it's just like little stuff that's like, yeah, this could be more seamless than, than the way it's currently working.


Chad (00:25:10 - 00:25:24)


Yeah, we've got sort of a running joke with Acme. They have a similar sort of app that you can supposedly pre check in. Our colleague went and did it, was all excited and they're like, oh, that, that never works. So you had to redo it all over. You're like, wow, that sucks.


KEN-Participant 1 (00:25:26 - 00:25:39)


9 out of 10 times it works for us. But then it seems to be the hang up point whenever it doesn't work is getting on the elevator. It doesn't want to read the phone for some reason. So it's like, well, I can't get to my room without a room piece, so it's kind of pointless.


Chad (00:25:40 - 00:25:51)


Actually. That's a, that's a really, that's a good point. The old I've been caught in the elevator conundrum multiple times and that's an easy one to let slip. But yeah, that's kind of a pain in the ass because then you're trogging on back to the desk and waiting in line again.


KEN-Participant 1 (00:25:51 - 00:26:28)


Yeah. Oh, I did also have another. We were staying at a pretty decent hotel and I'm checked in. I was actually waiting on him because he was working in that city. He was going to come meet me. I'm like taking a shower. I've got music playing. I walk out of the shower. Thankfully I have a towel on me. But they checked another couple into our room and there's, they're freaked out. I'm not something that happened frequently, but. And they handled it nicely. I mean they, they were very remorseful and I think they gave us like some drink credits or something. But, but yeah.


Chad (00:26:30 - 00:26:50)


That'S got to happen way more than people even. I, I, I, that's, that's probably, that's one of those things. Man, I love those stories. All right, let's dig into the kind of types of hotels. So we're trying to Understand the category a little bit. And have you seen. Well, first off, have you ever. Have you. Did you even know that Acme does hotels?


KEN-Participant 1 (00:26:51 - 00:28:13)


I did and I was looking. I almost stayed at a the Harborline in New York City. We just went to New York City for just like a three or four day trip and I have currently like over 300, 000 miles with Acme, but then you couldn't book it with miles, so I was like, I. And there were other ones that were. That looked pretty comparable if I was going to spend cash and were maybe in slightly better areas. We both do, though. We really love the Acme Brand. Like, if we're flying to London, we pretty much always fly. And now they've got like the little retreat suites up front. Like, we'll pay the extra couple hundred dollars for that. To me, that's the best value you can get, like in flights, which I know this is more about hotels, but for the mile, it's like 29,000 miles to fly from here to London and their business class. And then that retreat suite is huge. You've got the big screen, it's comfortable. The service, honestly, the same way as with the crew. So I would imagine the hotels are probably the same way. There's a culture that's just. I mean, even on the cruise, the people were as friendly as could be. They're so quick, like you're waiting in line and they're. Even the people making the burgers and stuff are just, you know, they're getting you in and out. The flight attendants are always amazing. So if we'll stay in a Harborline Hotel, for sure. But for some reason, when I was reading online, they said they aren't currently letting you use miles. Maybe the New York City one and a couple other ones, but if it would have, we would have definitely stayed there.


Chad (00:28:14 - 00:28:43)


Yeah, they're, in all honesty, they're trying to work out their whole loyalty thing. It's a bit of a. It's a bit of a. It's a bit of an opportunity for them. They're not quite nailing that. Yes. So, all right, so then we sort of talked about what your expectations of Acme are. So they obviously have a kind of an aesthetic behind it. And let's talk through, like, if you hadn't been there, what you think you'd expect, the type of people you think you'd expect. What's the. What's the vibe you're going to get if you. If you're staying in an emergent hotel?


KEN-Participant 1 (00:28:44 - 00:29:22)


I would expect it to be like the flights and like the, and like the cruises, which I guess they use the word cheeky to describe it, but kind of just, it's a good time, it's fun. The workers feel like they can be themselves like on the cruise. It's even, I think part of it's the crowd too that I guess is attracted to. Like, to me it's a very like, inclusive crowd. There's all kinds of different people, I feel like more diverse than like even the typical population that even makes up the United States, honestly. So to me, that's nice. That's fine. Like getting to meet all these different people and, and feel like you can really just be yourself. So I would imagine the hotels are kind of the same way.


Chad (00:29:24 - 00:29:35)


So you said something interesting again a minute ago on your surprise story. You were listening to some music while in the shower. How were you listening to music? Like, where was it? Where was that playing from?


KEN-Participant 1 (00:29:35 - 00:29:40)


So this hotel, actually, you could, you could Bluetooth your music to. They had speakers in the bathroom.


Chad (00:29:41 - 00:29:41)


Yeah.


KEN-Participant 1 (00:29:42 - 00:29:57)


Which I don't. I actually love that we used to, whenever we would go to that city, we would stay there because I just thought that was a nice touch. Like. And I mean, I mean it's like here we have Bluetooth speakers in like every room. So it almost kind of feels like. And we've always got music playing. It's like, oh, it's almost like you're back home, like.


Chad (00:30:00 - 00:30:14)


Yeah, so. So. And you might know Acme has a little connection with music. So we're kind of an interested intrigue on, on how that could play out and what, how, what role music plays in a, in a stay for you guys. So it sounds like it's kind of a large one.


KEN-Participant 1 (00:30:14 - 00:30:55)


I will say too, when you said that. So like, yeah, the smell to me at check-in. Like, I love when a hotel just smells absolutely amazing when you're in the lobby all throughout the hotel that they've got, you know, I mean, you know, I'm talking about like certain hotels have that scent where it's just like, man, I could, I could never get tired of smelling this. Like, you walk out of your room, this is amazing. It just feels luxurious, honestly. And then like if it's good music or something playing when you're checking in, that all I feel like kind of adds if you get like a, I mean not like most hotels do this, but the Park Hyatt, we're doing it in Tokyo. If you get like a welcome glass of champagne during the check in process, like, to me that's a little Touch. It could be cheap champagne, but it's. It still feels nice. Like they really want you there and they're welcoming you.


Chad (00:30:55 - 00:31:06)


So, yeah, I think somebody put it nicely and in regards to like, instead of standing there waiting to check in, somebody does the check in for you while you kind of enjoy a bit of a drink or whatever else. Just.


KEN-Participant 1 (00:31:06 - 00:31:07)


Yeah.


Chad (00:31:07 - 00:31:18)


It's surprising how many of them don't do that. So. All right. So one of the kind of category that acme sits in with this is a term called a lifestyle hotel. Have you heard that expression?


KEN-Participant 1 (00:31:18 - 00:31:19)


I have heard that, yeah.


Chad (00:31:20 - 00:31:26)


So curious on what your thoughts are around or expectations on what a lifestyle hotel would be.


KEN-Participant 1 (00:31:30 - 00:31:38)


I don't know if I necessarily know other than maybe they're just kind of feels like sort of catering to a certain group of people, I guess.


Chad (00:31:38 - 00:31:41)


Yeah, that's fair. Yeah.


Eva (00:31:41 - 00:31:42)


Can you expand?


Chad (00:31:42 - 00:31:44)


So, yeah, spin.


KEN-Participant 1 (00:31:45 - 00:32:12)


Like, like to me, the, the cruise and stuff. Like we've never done any other cruise line, but we kind of fell in love with it. Like, it, it feels like it's catering to people that are open to new experiences, to people that want to have fun, that maybe let your hair down a little bit. Don't. It doesn't feel too pretentious at any point. It's still. It's nice, but you don't feel like, oh my God, do we belong here? Or anything like that. Like, this is too fancy, this is too much. I don't know, it's.


Chad (00:32:12 - 00:32:12)


Yeah.


KEN-Participant 1 (00:32:13 - 00:32:15)


Somewhere. It's like a perfect medium, I guess.


Chad (00:32:16 - 00:32:37)


Okay. And then have you, have you ever stayed in what would be more classically, classically categorized as a lifestyle hotel? You talked about some of the larger hotels. You say that the Hyatts and whatever that are, you know, they have the larger sets of amenities and thus have you stayed at any of the leaner, say, lifestyle hotels?


KEN-Participant 1 (00:32:40 - 00:33:12)


I don't know if, like, I don't know if these would be considered lifestyle hotels. But like, the first thing I'm thinking is like a moxie, which Elliot. I mean, I don't know if moxies are even considered four star, but they, I mean, they had like the minimum. But when you walk in, there's. The check in is like a big bar area pretty much. And yep, you get like the welcome drink and it feels pretty. Usually they have like a nice like rooftop bar or something at the ones we've stayed at. I don't know if they necessarily consider themselves a lifestyle hotel or not, though, to be honest with you.


Chad (00:33:14 - 00:33:17)


I don't know if I've Seen a Moxie? Have you seen a Moxie?


KEN-Participant 1 (00:33:17 - 00:33:24)


It's a Marriott brand, but it's. I don't know, they kind of market themselves as being like, kind of hip, I guess, and kind of.


Chad (00:33:25 - 00:33:26)


Are they mainly us based?


KEN-Participant 1 (00:33:28 - 00:33:32)


I think so, but we actually stayed in a Moxie in. In Edinburgh when we were over in Scotland.


Chad (00:33:33 - 00:33:33)


Oh, really?


Eva (00:33:33 - 00:33:34)


Okay.


Chad (00:33:34 - 00:33:34)


All right.


KEN-Participant 1 (00:33:34 - 00:33:35)


That's pretty nice.


Chad (00:33:35 - 00:33:57)


You should know what that is. All right, there it is. All right. So we sort of talked about the lifestyle thing then. Is there. Is there some sort of expectations if you did stay in a lifestyle hotel that you would be hopeful for or that would be appealing to you in that regard.


KEN-Participant 1 (00:34:01 - 00:34:43)


Other than just. I mean, I guess it's more just like the vibe of the hotel. Like. Like I was kind of saying. I guess, like, I guess I would maybe. I guess maybe. I don't know exactly. A lifestyle hotel. Enough. Why don't you come give me an answer? Oh, the lifestyle hotel. That's what makes it a lifestyle too. So is there. There's like a restaurant stuff on like, on the properties? That's. Oh, that was like the lifestyle there. Okay. He's like listening to me and trying to help me out a little bit.


Chad (00:34:43 - 00:34:50)


He's doing a great job. It's totally okay to be a team sport. Come join if you want.


KEN-Participant 1 (00:34:50 - 00:35:28)


You can join if you want. I hadn't mentioned that hotel. Like. Yeah, I guess so. He's saying this is probably this. In his opinion, this was a lifestyle hotel we stayed at. It's called El Cielo. It was in Medellin. But there's the. In like the first floor is like basically like a five star. I guess the guy that owns the hotel also owns like a couple of Michelin restaurants. So like part of it is like you're gonna have like this like seventh. There's like a 17 course dinner and they paired it with wine and that kind of stuff. So I guess I don't know if he was saying that was like the lifestyle there. I guess. Yeah.


Chad (00:35:28 - 00:35:31)


Kind of a foodie tailored it to our sort of a foodie sort of group.


KEN-Participant 1 (00:35:31 - 00:35:32)


Yeah, yeah, yeah.


Chad (00:35:32 - 00:35:52)


I think. I think traditionally lifestyle hotels tend to be a little bit upper class, a little bit boutique. They do try to get into a homier feel and have a little bit of uniqueness to them that sort of plays to a narrative that they're trying to adhere to. Be it you're a sporty person or you're a, you know, an artist. Artist person or whatever it would be.


KEN-Participant 1 (00:35:53 - 00:36:13)


So probably like 21c are probably a lot. Maybe a lifestyle hotel too. I don't know if you're familiar with that brand. Like the bottom floor is always like a rotating art gallery. You can like walk around. They have like local paintings and stuff at all. We've stated a couple of those also throughout. And they're always pretty nice too, and kind of boutique.


Chad (00:36:15 - 00:36:24)


Talk to me a little bit more about that. Because the local art is an interesting concept. So. And how the hotel sort of exposes you to a community. A community of artists.


KEN-Participant 1 (00:36:24 - 00:37:27)


Yeah, it's. The whole hotel is done really very artsy. Like the check in, you can tell that like they put a. They put a lot of thought into like the decor and how everything is designed. It's. Everything's a little bit. I don't want to say strange, but it's just very artsy. A little bit out there. But it all comes together really, really well. And then the bottom floors. We stayed at the one. There's actually one in Louisville. There's one in Cincinnati. We've stayed in. I think they have at least like 10 of them now. Oh yeah, we stayed in one in Lexington. We used to go there every year actually for New Year's Eve because they would do a. You paid a set price and it. They had a party all night. So you're like. Basically they have a DJ and stuff, but you're just in like this huge area that's got all this like local art and stuff on the walls. And the price included like all your drinks that night they had like hors d'. Oeuvres. You got the hotel room for the night and then you got brunch at their restaurant in the morning. So. And it was actually a pretty good deal. Only reason why we quit doing it. It's like it got too. Too busy. It caught on and then you had to wait in line like for drinks nonstop and stuff. So.


Chad (00:37:28 - 00:37:30)


Yeah. Got a little too popular.


KEN-Participant 1 (00:37:30 - 00:37:31)


Yeah.


Chad (00:37:31 - 00:37:37)


Or was like that art even. Was it on sale? It was almost like quasi gallery. Ish to introduce it.


KEN-Participant 1 (00:37:38 - 00:38:11)


I don't think there anything was actually. Greg, do you know if they sell the art there? Yeah. They'll just have like different. He said every three months they rotate it, but it would be like. It would be like a different theme. Like it like at one point, I know we went and it was like maybe Black History Month. And it was like local black artists and like, you know, depicting like being black in America and stuff like that. So it's always going to be something different. Like every three months and maybe something a little edgy or a little more than what you maybe would expect to see it at a traditional hotel, I guess.


Chad (00:38:12 - 00:38:43)


All right, that sounds really cool. So we've been talking a lot about hotels, is sort of taking two roles. They can kind of be in this lovely, wonderful retreated island where everything's sort of catered to and taken care of, or they can be this conduit that really exposes you to a culture and an art and a city in a way that kind of is inviting and enveloping. We've been sort of playing with that duopoly, and again, neither of them is wrong, but there's something intriguing there. And if you can kind of really double down on one of those, you could tell an interesting story.


KEN-Participant 1 (00:38:43 - 00:38:44)


Yeah, yeah.


Chad (00:38:44 - 00:39:03)


Do you have a preference on one of those? And when you guys stay, do you kind of want to just be sort of pampered and taken care of and live in a space that's inclusive within, or is your goal to really understand the lay of the land in a place and really get some exposure to a local. Local community and a spot?


KEN-Participant 1 (00:39:03 - 00:39:48)


We like them both, but I would say we lean more towards the second one. The more, like, exposure to the community. Like, we're. When I was saying we're going to Africa, we're going to do, like, five nights in Nairobi, and we're gonna go to Seychelles. I think that's how you pronounce it for, like, five days. Also, he got us that Waldorf, and he's like, I can do the whole trip. And the Waldorf is basically, they have their own island. Like, they own the whole island. You can adventure around. But I was. But we both were kind of like. I think after, like, two nights of that, that's gonna get maybe boring. That's gonna be enough. Like, I don't need to be at a spa every day. Like, let's go to the one in, like, the actual city of Seychelles, and we can go out and explore, go to the local bars, you know, do whatever the local tourist stuff is. So I think we lean more towards. We like them both, but probably more towards the second one.


Chad (00:39:49 - 00:40:11)


Yeah, makes sense. And then what do you think the. What do you think the. Or better way to phrase it? How can a hotel help you take advantage of that? Where. Where they. Where they. Where do they have assets in which that. That can make that a more rich experience?


KEN-Participant 1 (00:40:13 - 00:41:09)


I mean, one of the main things would be location, but that's obviously not something they can change. But if you're. If you're Central to everything, you know, that's clearly a plus if I'm looking to explore the city. And I can. If you're near like the, like, when we stayed in Tokyo, our hotel was like a block from the, like the transit station. So it's like very easy to get around something like that. And then I guess just, you know, and like I said, I typically kind of plan our stuff in general, but if they have like. If they do have like a bar or like, not even necessarily a club, but like a lobby bar or something where. Because a lot of the ones we've been at even are more than just travelers too, it feels like even some locals will show up. So something like that, you can kind of mingle with other people and kind of get to know the lay of the land a little bit. But really I think location would be the number one thing. But I don't think there's. Unless you're building a new hotel, there's really not much you can do about that.


Chad (00:41:10 - 00:41:22)


So it's interesting when you say even the locals show up, that's an interesting concept. Right. So what do you think? What. What encourages that? Why. Why are locals coming to that hotel?


KEN-Participant 1 (00:41:24 - 00:42:18)


I don't know. I guess they just. I guess the locals feel like they offer a good product for that area. But we've definitely been at some where. Well, I mean, some in general. If you go down to like the lobby bar, there's only like two people there and they're just dead. And it's not inviting. And it doesn't really feel like it's a focus at the hotel, like that, that sense of community or that communal space. But then certain ones, I feel like they probably have good music playing, probably good drinks, good, good service to attract kind of a group of everybody. Even if it's not the locals. I mean, it's nice if, if everybody is there and you do get to meet some people. But even if it's just like a. A full bar at night with, you know, people that are traveling, just something, and we're both kind of social people. So I feel like in that setting and you don't, you know, at the end of the night you go back and your hotel still feels like there's stuff going on too. I think that's always nice.


Chad (00:42:19 - 00:42:35)


So. I totally agree. I think it's nice either way. But I'm kind of curious. Would you. Would you prefer an environment that was a little bit more of a mix or was like a more just kind of a quirky set of interesting collective of travelers. Like, what's of that balance? What's something.


KEN-Participant 1 (00:42:36 - 00:42:49)


I would prefer a mix, honestly. I like to. Like, my friend's family goes to Cancun every year, and they've done it forever. They took us with them, but it's.


Chad (00:42:49 - 00:42:50)


Like, 1, 2, 3. Cancun.


KEN-Participant 1 (00:42:51 - 00:43:27)


Yeah. And it's fun, but it's like, you sit by the pool with, like, a. A bunch of other gringos, I guess, and it's like, this is like being in America, other than the fact that, I mean, it's unlimited drinks or whatever. So, like, we went to Mexico City the next year and actually, like, explored Mexico City and got to actually see, like, the culture and do all that. I'm like, this is so much to me. I want to feel like I'm in Mexico. Like, I can be surrounded by, you know, English speakers in the United States. I don't. I don't need to go to Mexico necessarily for that. So definitely. Getting a taste of, like, the local culture, I feel like, is something we always kind of strive for when we're traveling.


Chad (00:43:28 - 00:43:43)


When you guys do travel, like, with food and music, is it seeking out the sort of food and music you guys like, or do you want to experiment when you're in that local area and try a different type of food that you might not like but was different or different type of music?


KEN-Participant 1 (00:43:44 - 00:44:32)


Yeah, I would say we would prefer to experiment. I'm, like, a slightly picky eater, but I can pretty much find something anywhere we go, so. And he loves everything. So, like, I'm not. If he wants to go to, like, a sushi restaurant in Japan, and I don't really eat sushi, but I'm not gonna be like, hey, I don't want to go there. Like, it's still cool. I'll. I might try the drinks on the menu, and I'll find. If I can't find something I like, I'll eat something like. Like back in the room. But definitely, I feel like, in general, we're gonna go. I mean, we're not gonna go to, like, Taco Bell when we're in Mexico. Like, we're gonna go to, like, an authentic, like. Although I will say, I don't know why, but almost every country we go to, we end up at McDonald's at one point. But, like, it's kind of cool to see, like, In Paris, the McDonald's is very different than here in Spain. The McDonald's, like, they have different stuff on the menu, so we do. That is one thing that we do.


Chad (00:44:32 - 00:44:33)


I won't Fall.


Eva (00:44:33 - 00:44:34)


Research. Research.


Chad (00:44:35 - 00:44:43)


Yeah, exactly. And. And you made. You made Ava very happy with the no Taco Bell in Mexico, because Ava's from Mexico, so, you know.


KEN-Participant 1 (00:44:44 - 00:45:06)


Oh, nice. We could practice, but absolutament. I forgot this is being recorded. I probably don't need to embarrass myself anymore.


Eva (00:45:06 - 00:45:10)


It's okay. Okay. Yeah.


Chad (00:45:12 - 00:45:43)


All right. So one other thing we've been kind of playing around with in terms of just a topic is when you're staying at a hotel, sometimes that gives you a little bit of license to be different than your everyday. Owen, is there. Are there things you do when you're in a hotel that are. Are different from your normal day there in Kentucky? Or are you. Are you able to cut loose a little bit more? Or maybe you're a little bit more quiet recluse? Like, what. What. What things do you do that make that are different when you're in a hotel than, say, at home?


KEN-Participant 1 (00:45:44 - 00:46:13)


Honestly, it might sound bad, but we. We definitely, like, probably party a little bit more. Like, on. On a typical day here, like, I'm getting up, like, prior to this, I'm going to the gym. I'm regimented. I'm going to work after this. But, like, we might wake up and we might have mimosas for breakfast, and we might roll right into the day and, you know, have a margarita at lunch and do that throughout the day. So we probably drank a little bit more. Definitely. I would say 100 more social than being at home.


Chad (00:46:14 - 00:46:53)


Yep. Makes sense. You're a. You're a perfect acme crew, my friend. All right. In terms of exploring the hotel, how do you guys go about that? Because there's definitely some people who just feel like a hotel. It's a. It's a place to put my head at night, and then I'm out and doing the place I'm in. Or there are some people who want to sort of take advantage of whatever amenities or opportunities are in the hotel. Like, where do you guys land? And then if you do land around more of the. Or in the hotel, what do you look for? And what are things that make that stay more rewarding or more interesting or more comfortable?


KEN-Participant 1 (00:46:53 - 00:47:25)


Yeah, if the. So if the hotel has amenities, we definitely are going to take advantage of them. We typically. I would say on most trips, we're going to, like, get a massage at the spa the hotel offers. If they have a spa. If there's a swimming pool or a hot tub, I'm going to use that. Even better if, like, there's a pool where they actually have Like a bartender, and they have. And people are actually coming there to kind of socialize and have a good time. So, yeah, I would say we definitely will explore whatever amenities the hotel has to offer.


Chad (00:47:27 - 00:47:41)


And is there anything that. Are there any amenities you wish that it had or would make that even a better sort of experience? Kind of a clumsy question, but I think you know where I'm getting at.


KEN-Participant 1 (00:47:41 - 00:48:13)


Yeah, yeah. Not. Not necessarily. I would. I mean, the ones that we would probably use the most would be like. Like a lobby bar, if you consider that, like, an amenity. And then if there is a swimming pool, typically, I'll take advantage of that. Like, especially if you're traveling, you know, during the winter, it's nice to. If you're somewhere warm to have a pool or even if they have, like, an indoor pool, just, like, relax during the day. Or if one of us, you know, went too hard the night before and wants to sleep in, there's stuff at that hotel I can go explore and entertain myself for a while or, you know, he can do the same thing while I'm recovering.


Chad (00:48:14 - 00:48:20)


And how important is the gym? You'd mentioned your head to the gym later is, like, how important is it? Really?


KEN-Participant 1 (00:48:20 - 00:48:54)


Nice touch. I think, truthfully, for him, it's probably more important. The way I said, I'm very regimented at home. I probably go six or seven days a week. If I can go once or twice on this cruise, I'm gonna be happy. Most days, like, I'm the one that'll be, like, at the casino every night until, like, 2:00am and, like, probably not feeling great, not feeling like going to the gym the next day. But I. I do think for a lot of people, the gym is. I didn't even think about that. So he said it. I do think that's. That's very important. I know for him, if it's a nice gym, that's preferable, for sure.


Chad (00:48:56 - 00:49:17)


There it is. All right. And then probably last question for me. And then Eva might have a few. But in terms of getting rest, what are bits of your regiment? What are things that help you get that type of rest? What are. What are. What are. What are parts of that that are important to you or are you just at the casino? Tattoo? And so it doesn't really matter. You come back and crash and be done.


KEN-Participant 1 (00:49:18 - 00:50:11)


I would like. I would like the. Like, I would want it to be quiet when I'm going to sleep. A comfortable mattress, a comfortable pillow, enough pillows, at least, like, two pillows for each of us. And even now that you Mentioned that I kind of like the hotels we stay at that do a turn down service. I didn't think about that, but I always feel like that's really nice when you come back from your day and like they've organized all your stuff. Maybe there's like a little box of chocolates or something next to like something small, but it just, I feel like it sets it apart from, you know, just your regular run of the mill hotel. But as far as sleeping, just if the. I need a like comfortable mattress, quiet. Oh, robes. He said nice robes. Honestly, you probably would have gotten more from me for this. He's like, he would be. He'd help me right now, but he's like in there doing laundry and packing for the cruise tomorrow, so.


Chad (00:50:14 - 00:50:16)


All right, Ava, do you have any last questions?


Eva (00:50:17 - 00:50:24)


I only have one question about traveling with your dogs. Is that yes or no?


KEN-Participant 1 (00:50:25 - 00:51:00)


No. Just. Because if. I don't know if you saw any of them. We have three boxers, so they're all like eighty-pound dogs. It'd be way too much. And I mean, they're like the sweetest dog. They've never met a stranger, but they're, they're a lot like they think everybody's there to pet them. They want to be like right up in your face. Maybe if it was somewhere like near here. And we have even talked about getting like a big Airbnb, like on a farm or something for like a weekend and just letting them. Just mainly for them, letting them run and be crazy. But as far as like flying with them or anything like that, that would never happen.


Eva (00:51:00 - 00:51:08)


No. Right. I grew up with boxers, so it's one of my favorite breeds ever.


KEN-Participant 1 (00:51:08 - 00:51:12)


Yeah, yeah, we love, we love them. They're. They are amazing dogs.


Eva (00:51:12 - 00:51:13)


Amazing. Amazing.


KEN-Participant 1 (00:51:13 - 00:51:15)


Very loving. Very loving.


Eva (00:51:15 - 00:51:29)


Very loving and fiercely loyal and yes, yeah, great stories with my boxers. That's it for me. Thank you so much, Owen. That was really nice.


Chad (00:51:30 - 00:51:33)


80 lb. It'd be pretty hard to be a support animal for that.


KEN-Participant 1 (00:51:34 - 00:51:39)


Yeah, definitely. They're not going in anybody's purse or backpack, that's for sure.


Chad (00:51:40 - 00:51:54)


Ava, you're aware of this, like in the US there's, there's been kind of thing. It's probably jumped over the shark a little bit, but people are bringing pets onto the airplane and they're claiming that it's a support pet and that's why they can do it. So you. It's gone a little crazy.


Eva (00:51:55 - 00:52:01)


Yes, yes, I've heard of that. It works, but it's probably smaller dogs.


Chad (00:52:02 - 00:52:07)


Yeah. And for the people who really need that. I get it. But there's some other people who are taking the mic a little bit, and they're, like, bringing giraffes and stuff.


KEN-Participant 1 (00:52:09 - 00:52:29)


I get it. You do? That's, like, the worst part of traveling for me is leaving the dogs, honestly, because they're, like. They're pretty much babies. But thankfully, I have. I have a cousin and, like, a really good friend that don't mind staying at the house and watching them. So, like, I know they're in good hands. And then, yeah, you have something to look forward to when you come home, too. Like, vacation's over. That sucks. But, like, you're coming back to your dogs and all that, so.


Chad (00:52:30 - 00:52:36)


Awesome. Owen, I appreciate this. And your partner, who chimed in from the sidelines.


KEN-Participant 1 (00:52:36 - 00:52:38)


Yeah, thank you, Greg.


Chad (00:52:38 - 00:52:50)


That's really great. Thanks, Greg. So, yeah, really appreciate it. It's always great. Just kind of get under the skin a little bit and. And hear the story. So thanks. And, yeah, hopefully we'll turn some of these insights into some extra stuff.


KEN-Participant 1 (00:52:51 - 00:52:51)


Awesome.


Chad (00:52:51 - 00:52:52)


Awesome.


KEN-Participant 1 (00:52:52 - 00:52:52)


Thank you all.


Eva (00:52:52 - 00:52:54)


Lovely meeting you. Thank you.


Chad (00:52:54 - 00:52:55)


Enjoy the cruise, man.


KEN-Participant 1 (00:52:55 - 00:52:57)


All right. Thank you. Have a good day.


Eva (00:52:57 - 00:53:00)


Adios. Good.


Chad (00:53:00 - 00:53:01)


Let me check.


Eva (00:53:05 - 00:53:20)


Are you. Is it here? No. No. Nope. Here it is. Let me just stop the loop.


Chad (00:53:21 - 00:53:22)


No worries.


Eva (00:53:22 - 00:53:23)


Is there a way? No.


Chad (00:53:28 - 00:53:31)


I think I can jump on, slide, remove from the call.
