Riley

Eva (00:00:00 - 00:00:07)


Kulip, start recording and we can admit Riley Sutton.


Chad (00:00:07 - 00:00:15)


Okay, hold on. Give me two shakes before I can get my thing. Okay.


Eva (00:00:17 - 00:00:18)


All right.


YVO-Participant 1 (00:00:26 - 00:00:26)


Start.


Eva (00:00:27 - 00:00:34)


All right, I've started. Let's let her in.


Chad (00:00:47 - 00:00:50)


Hello, Riley, how are you?


YVO-Participant 1 (00:00:50 - 00:01:01)


Hi. I'm good, thank you. Just a heads up. I'm just two minutes away from my apartment, so I've joined on my phone. But I will switch in about five minutes to my laptop so that you might have me to fit with me. No worries.


Chad (00:01:01 - 00:01:02)


We're easy.


YVO-Participant 1 (00:01:02 - 00:01:04)


Yeah, thank you.


Chad (00:01:04 - 00:01:05)


We appreciate you taking the time.


YVO-Participant 1 (00:01:06 - 00:01:08)


No problem at all. Happy New Year to you both.


Chad (00:01:09 - 00:02:07)


Yeah, exactly. Happy New Year. Yeah. So I think our basic gist is we're. We're in a bit of a little bit of a research phase, and so we're working with Acme. I think they were the ones who were kind of reached out and connected with you. And we're trying to just get people's impressions of who are regular staying at some particular hotels and want to get something that's like memorable moments and just understand what's kind of important to you and staying in that home away from home. So it's super low key. There's no right or wrong answer. We're just literally going to sort of wrap about for here and there and kind of see where the conversation leads us. And yeah, just try to get some insight into what's really important for you in terms of trying to find that stage. So my name is Chad. Work with a company called Hidden Strategy, Kind of a role in product development. And so these sort of sessions and kind of getting into the skin of what people are really after are fun for kind of that whole process. And then my colleague, Ava.


Eva (00:02:08 - 00:02:30)


Yes, I'm also working at Hidden Strategy and I focus more on service, so journeys, your experience and all that. So Chad will be leading the conversation and I will be jumping in with questions about, like, what do you think about the staff and what is really important for you. Stuff like that. Then more relate to service.


YVO-Participant 1 (00:02:31 - 00:02:32)


Sure. Sounds good.


Chad (00:02:33 - 00:02:51)


Cool. All right. I mean, we'll just kind of. We'll just kind of get into it. So we sort of talked a little bit. Like, it's obviously about trying to understand the hotels. We really want to understand a little bit just about you. So, like, kind of can you give us a little bit of background? Do you have a family? Who do you travel with? Who do you not want to travel with? Like, what's, what's the lowdown?


YVO-Participant 1 (00:02:52 - 00:02:59)


Okay, give me two seconds. I'm just getting out the car and I'M going to tell you everything. Hold on. Okay.


Eva (00:03:01 - 00:03:02)


Take your time.


YVO-Participant 1 (00:03:04 - 00:04:32)


Yes, thank you very much. Thank you. Okay, bear me a second. I'm just going to quickly turn the camera off. I get out the car. Give me two seconds. Okay. Yeah. So basically I am a bond. I am a mom. I'm going to turn my camera back on in two seconds. I am mum to Kian, who is five. Oh, so he's six now. Sorry. And we actually love to travel. We are currently just on holiday in Gardoff, which is why I have just like the apartment. Yes, here's. Thank you. Thanks. Okay. Yes, I work in the. Thank you. By. I work in the legal sector. And yeah, basically when I'm not working, I'm. I'm traveling. So. So, yeah, that's basically. That's me really, I guess, in a nutshell.


Chad (00:04:33 - 00:04:38)


Nice. And then are you traveling with the young. The young one?


YVO-Participant 1 (00:04:38 - 00:05:10)


Yeah. Yeah. So we. We normally travel together. Let's go this weekend. Yeah, we normally travel together. But then often I'll also travel with my family and my friends. Partner. I travel for business as well. So it just depends really on kind of where I'm going and like, what the main kind of purpose of the trip is, essentially. But yeah, like last year in. My son and I, we did like six trips alone. So, yeah, that basically he's. He's a really great travel buddy.


Chad (00:05:11 - 00:05:14)


That's awesome. What a great little experience for him. Jealous.


YVO-Participant 1 (00:05:15 - 00:05:15)


Yeah.


Chad (00:05:17 - 00:05:19)


All right, well, then I think one.


YVO-Participant 1 (00:05:19 - 00:05:20)


Of the things we want to dive.


Chad (00:05:20 - 00:05:37)


Into is finding out just like, if you can think back on your hotel experiences, is there some particularly memorable experience where somebody just sort of touched a nerve or really did something, set something apart? And we just love that A little under a story of something that you're like, this was special.


YVO-Participant 1 (00:05:38 - 00:07:20)


This was different for a hotel. Yeah. I'd probably say, well, like within the last, like, year and a half, I'd say that the. No, it's the Marriott. I think it's the Marriott, which was in. And it's like essentially like. The moment you check in, there's like a beautiful lobby. Like, you go up the stairs and the staff; they can't do enough for you, like, trying to grab your bag, asking you like, what's the purpose of your stay is. And because they've got like two separate buildings. They've got like one for families and one for like, adults. My partner, just myself and him, and I really feel like they kind of like they tailor their service towards your. Your needs, essentially when you kind of get there, you're kind of thinking to yourself, okay, this is nice. When you go to, like, the check in, they show your room, they tell you everything. And for me and my partner, it just felt like such a special touch. And then the fact the extra kind of special touch was the fact that it was my partner's birthday. So I'd ask them kind of like, if they could do anything special to, like, just to make up his room and give him, like, a little bit of a surprise. And they have done that through walking the room. There's a big part on the bed, like little. Kind of like a cake, essentially, and like a fruit basket saying happy Birthday. And that, for me, felt like they were going over the bottom beyond to let us know that they wanted the last day, essentially.


Chad (00:07:21 - 00:07:21)


Nice.


YVO-Participant 1 (00:07:21 - 00:07:22)


Yeah, it was good.


Chad (00:07:23 - 00:07:27)


And then had you told them about the birthday earlier or how did they clock on to that?


YVO-Participant 1 (00:07:29 - 00:07:56)


Yeah, about two days before we had arrived. And I reminded someone what to kind of, like, accepted my partner because I'm, like, gone to the toilet. It was very much a quick kind of like, oh, just to let you know, we're here for my partner's birthday. Have you done this? And they had. And that made me feel like they kind of understood my needs and respected me, essentially. So, yeah, it was amazing.


Chad (00:07:57 - 00:07:59)


Okay, Makes sense. And was there.


YVO-Participant 1 (00:07:59 - 00:08:00)


Is there.


Chad (00:08:00 - 00:08:06)


Is there anything else? I mean, in terms of memorable experience, Sounds like you guys traveled a lot last year with Sarah. Tricks. Just a little Fell alone.


YVO-Participant 1 (00:08:07 - 00:08:07)


What?


Chad (00:08:07 - 00:08:08)


Was there anything else that was special?


YVO-Participant 1 (00:08:09 - 00:08:10)


Yeah, there was.


Chad (00:08:10 - 00:08:10)


Hold on.


YVO-Participant 1 (00:08:10 - 00:10:51)


Sorry. Two seconds, please. So. Thank you. Thank you. Okay, thank you. Okay, cool. Thank you. Okay. So I went. I won this competition actually earlier in the year, like in. At the start of 2025, on a competition to go to a few. Oh, my God. It was a beautiful resort called the Altin Resort Vivio. And it was in the Swiss Alps. Well, Swiss Italian Alps. And again, I feel like they went over the bottom of the yard. Now, maybe that was because obviously, like, I was one of their competition winners, so they knew I was coming and everything was probably, like, prepared for me, but in terms of the fact that, like, I was traveling with K alone and. Like, they, like, they couldn't do more than enough for us. They showed us the area around, But my sister has just gone to a meeting, so she just left us with, like, type thing. So. Yeah. Yeah, I think. Okay. I think it should be okay. I just got to do a work call, so it's fine? Yeah, yeah, fine. It's fine. Thank you. Thank You. Bye. Thank you. Okay, sorry. You have my full attention now. We're back in the apartment. Okay.


Chad (00:10:53 - 00:11:05)


And set some stuff down. Take five seconds and just get your stuff set down and take a breath.


Eva (00:11:08 - 00:11:09)


It.


YVO-Participant 1 (00:12:07 - 00:13:23)


Okay, I earned. Okay. Sorry. Yeah. So with the output of the early resort, it was absolutely amazing. They had, like, four different resorts, but each one had, like, a different theme. They had, like, three different restaurants on there. And one thing I think really stood out for me was the fact that, like, I don't know if it's like. I think it's not a standard thing, but basically, like, they didn't have kettles in the bedrooms, which in UK is normal, but in, like, I guess Italian Alps maybe wasn't a thing. And my son, he still likes to drink kind of like warm milk before bedtime. So it's really important. I've got, like a kettle just to keep that up, because they don't have a microwave in there in the room. So I was fine without the microwave, but being kettle was really important. So they went and they got one for us. And one thing about the girl in reception, which I thought was amazing as well, was she pretty much put together a whole itineraries for me that I told her what I wanted to do, and she basically checked the shuttle bus times and wanted to go husky dog sledding. She managed to call the guys. Everything was just amazing. And it just felt like I had my own personal concierge, which was not meant to be part of the prize in any way, but they went over the above and beyond. And even though it's six hours away from Milan in Italy, I recommend anyone to go there. That's a long journey.


Chad (00:13:23 - 00:13:32)


All right, cool. So as a concierge, he literally booked everything for you and just. Yeah, just kind of showed up and just went and that.


YVO-Participant 1 (00:13:32 - 00:13:32)


What?


Chad (00:13:32 - 00:13:36)


They didn't. They didn't necessarily. You didn't ask for that. They just sort of did it.


YVO-Participant 1 (00:13:36 - 00:13:40)


They did it. They went over and above. It was. Yeah, perfect. It was absolutely perfect.


Chad (00:13:40 - 00:14:01)


That's very cool. All right, so in selection of a hotel, like, in the back of your head, obviously it sort of depends on whether you're traveling with your partner or the little fellow. But things. Are you looking for, like, is there a. Is there a particular character that you're after or what's. What's something that you're alert to in terms of a hotel selection?


YVO-Participant 1 (00:14:01 - 00:16:27)


Yes, for me, there's a couple of things. One thing that's really important is location. So, like, I am very much a city Girl, love to explore, love to get around my own. I'm very much kind of like let me enjoy and immerse myself in the local experience. So as much as I love a resort on the beach, don't get me wrong, that's great for like a birthday or an anniversary or something. I really like being close to public transport. So quite recently I stayed, I spent somewhere in Canada and I got like a service hotel slash apartment and unfortunately they seem to have gone into administration now, so they are no longer. But I know it was owned by the Marriott chain, chain called Sonder and they were absolutely amazing. Like location wise. I was really close to like the local kind of like train station in Canada. Deferring the area was. There was like a concert where you had like a reception desk when you walk in and you had like a desk where you could kind of replace all of the amenities that you needed. So you didn't necessarily have to kind of wait for ages in like a big long line. I love the fact that they had, they had on site stuff. Yeah, you can open it. They had on, yeah, they had on site. Come do it for me. They had on site facilities whereby you could kind of have a gym which was like next door, which I think is really important to me because I want to be able to, I want to be able to work out and still interact with my family and kind of like friends and tell them that, yeah, like I'm losing my goals and my target, essentially my fitness goals. I feel like it's really important to have friendly staff. Like there's nothing more off putting than walking into somewhere and having staff who really aren't bothered or who don't care, who don't want to go over and above and beyond for you. So even just now, for example, like the concierge, like the concierge was just asking for the key. The guy was very much like, oh yeah, yeah, the keys. With the cleaner, which was fine. But I would have liked him to kind of say like, okay, like, yeah, the keys of the cleaner maybe upstairs and check and. Or I'll check for you. I felt like it was very much like, okay, just go and check yourself type thing. So that I feel like, yeah, I want staff who are really concerned about customer service. And then for me, having something that's often breakfast is important as well because that all kind of counts towards keeping the cost down too. So those are probably the key things I'd say quite important to me.


Chad (00:16:27 - 00:16:29)


So food and the staff itself.


YVO-Participant 1 (00:16:30 - 00:16:31)


Okay.


Chad (00:16:31 - 00:16:35)


Nothing around say like loyalty points or none of that stuff is that important.


YVO-Participant 1 (00:16:35 - 00:17:26)


Oh definitely loyalty points. Yeah, like so I pretty much every hotel chain or brand I would say that I've got some kind of loyalty card or points and I would associate. So even like flying out to Ghana for this trip, I'm like a part of the KLM kind of partner scheme so they just use like my Acme kind of get my Acme points and use them towards this slide and basically hotels.com I'll often use them to make bookings so that I can kind of get points on the hotels and it like I guess they're linked with Expedia and I'm part of like the Radisson scheme, the marriage scheme. So yeah, definitely loyalty points counts for lot and definitely like experiences or like additional perks for loyalty members is always really important to me. So if I'm a member and I get free upgrade, then that's always going to be important as well.


Eva (00:17:26 - 00:17:32)


Okay, question, question. Riley, you mentioned the Sonder, right? S O N. Yes.


YVO-Participant 1 (00:17:32 - 00:17:34)


E R and D E R. Yes.


Eva (00:17:34 - 00:17:36)


Where in Canada was that?


YVO-Participant 1 (00:17:36 - 00:17:52)


This was in Toronto. So they have, they have places, everybody. Well they did up until about two months ago. I understand that they had serviced hotel apartments everywhere and it was under the Marriott chain. But yeah, unfortunately I guess, yeah, climate didn't work for them.


Chad (00:17:52 - 00:17:56)


Yeah, I think they were trying to make a cell and the cell collapsed and then they just folded.


YVO-Participant 1 (00:17:56 - 00:18:01)


So yeah, very annoying because I love them. Yeah, yeah.


Chad (00:18:03 - 00:18:12)


All right. And then in terms of engaging with the staff, like how do you do you do that? Do you do that through an app or do you do that through just rolling up and chatting with somebody?


YVO-Participant 1 (00:18:13 - 00:19:00)


I, I'm much more of a kind of face to face type person. So for me it's very much about the interaction face to face, so on. Like I know there's one, there's a hotel that I like typically tend to stay at in when I land in New York. So I traveled back to the States back and forth quite a lot. I tried to at least once or twice a year and whenever I kind of get to New York I kind of take like the late night flight. So I typically would stay like the like a Marriott airport hotel. And I always find that like their staff are really chatty, really kind of helpful and they just make you feel great like that you just kind of like landed in a new place and you're there to stay at their hotel. Like nothing is too much. So yeah, I think staff interaction is really important. To be honest, for me, I'd prefer That to just an app.


Chad (00:19:01 - 00:19:12)


And then you sort of, you mentioned how you're a bit of a city girl and you like to get out and get a local flavor. Do you, the hotel staff to help sort of navigate that space or not?


YVO-Participant 1 (00:19:12 - 00:20:12)


Yeah, if it's somewhere I'm not familiar with. So like New York is like, I know, like the back of my hand. So probably not so for New York. But for example, when we're in Aruba, when we were at the Alpines resort, then those are places that I've never ever been before. Even did Malta as well. So say the hotel called the Axo Dcy in Malta and again didn't know very much about kind of like the local area. And I will do a lot of research myself before I get there. I'll use resources say like TripAdvisor and Google and Kayak and things like that and Wonder. I think it's one of the logos and that. But I will also ask the like the reception there, the concierge, like because who knows better than them, you know, like they are, they are key like points of contact. So yeah, I'll definitely ask them for support in either getting around the local transport or to get a taxi or just in terms of local costings and customs, I think it's really important to talk to them about that kind of stuff.


Chad (00:20:13 - 00:20:38)


Fair dues. So now we've talked a little bit about what makes it memorable. I'm kind of curious, is there something that hotels aren't doing right now that you just kind of wish they would like? Why aren't they, why aren't they fixing? Why aren't they doing this? Like it would be so much more helpful if a hotel could do this, whatever that would be. Is there anything that you're sort of missing, like a perk or treat or some sort of solution or problem you want to get solved sorted?


YVO-Participant 1 (00:20:39 - 00:21:58)


I think it probably goes back to your point about the like the online kind of app interaction. So as much as I love like the face to face interaction with the like the actual staff, I think one good thing I found about like Sonder for example was that because it was very much a serviced hotel apartment, everything could be done via this app. So if I did need something, I like to know where like the storeroom was in the building or to know if they had like luggage storage or if they had like the gym. I could basically just go to the app and find all that information and all the reviews and things. I think everything was in one place. Whereas I feel like with Some hotel chains, like, mainly more like the bigger ones. So, for example, like the Hilton and the Radisson, I guess because they've got so many different branches, it can often be hard for them to cover all of the FAQs for that particular area. Like, it might be very kind of generic as opposed to. Oh, like in France, for example, this is. This is where the hotel is. This is where the local supermarket is. This is where the local bank is. Like, I feel like they don't necessarily drill down into enough information, and I think that's where I'm then going on to places like TripAdvisor to get more information on the. The local amenities.


Chad (00:22:00 - 00:22:01)


Makes sense. All right.


Eva (00:22:03 - 00:22:14)


All right, so question as well. How much. How much? Having information before your arrival, it's important for you, so to prepare or at all.


YVO-Participant 1 (00:22:16 - 00:22:16)


How.


Eva (00:22:16 - 00:22:18)


How important is that for you?


YVO-Participant 1 (00:22:18 - 00:23:00)


For me, it's super important. Either, like, I am the kind of person who loves to do, like, lots of research before I get there on the trip. I will never kind of really just rock up and hope for the best. I'm kind of, like, planning, like, yeah, I will typically have, like, an Excel spreadsheet and like, break it up day by day, hour by hour of where we're going and what we're doing. So for me, it's really important to have done the research. And particularly when I'm traveling with my son, I need to know that, oh, actually there is a children's play part nearby or a zoo or something that's going to keep him entertained. I can't just walk up to a location whereby we're in the middle of nowhere. I can't get an Uber or I can't get a hire car, and then we're kind of, like, stuck. So, yeah, research beforehand is really important to me.


Chad (00:23:01 - 00:23:34)


Fairness. All right. When in a hotel. Sort of fascinated by this notion that when people are in a hotel, they probably act a little different than act at home. Right. You're a little bit more adventurous, or maybe you're. Maybe you're an extrovert in general. And so you kind of like just to cozy up and quiet down and sort of nuzzle into a book. I'm sort of intrigued by what sort of things do you do when you're in a hotel that are different that you wouldn't do outside? And one of those. Could we maybe accentuate or make.


YVO-Participant 1 (00:23:34 - 00:23:34)


Make.


Chad (00:23:34 - 00:23:37)


Make more exciting for that. Those sort of experiences to take place?


YVO-Participant 1 (00:23:39 - 00:24:05)


I think I definitely would say explore. I'd probably go more of the beaten track if I'm in a hotel more so than in the uk. So, like, when I'm back in London, it's very much a case. Like, we'll be back in two days, and I already know that I'll be back to my normal routine of taking my son to school, going to work on the days I'm in the office and doing the same journey. Probably not really going off the beaten track and just kind of sticking to what I know, Parking the same parking space. Whereas when I am.


Eva (00:24:05 - 00:24:06)


Yes.


YVO-Participant 1 (00:24:06 - 00:25:04)


When I am on holiday, I might. I'd be more likely to go. Okay, so probably really key example is I might be more likely to go to a restaurant that I have not kind of checked the reviews on than I would in the uk. If I'm kind of going in the uk, I'm going to somewhere I know or somewhere that I've kind of Googled the TripAdvisor, then check the stars and the ratings. If I'm in Italy, France, Spain, I might just be walking along the street, having done some sightseeing, and I might see a nice restaurant that does seafood. And I think, okay, do you know what I'm gonna eat here? And I will not probably go on TripAdvisor to check out the ratings. Like, it's not necessarily. It's not necessary to do that, per se. Like, it could be that I had found a few. I've done my research and found a few spots I do want to go to, but I'm also a lot more kind of open to being like, okay, like, let's try this restaurant that a lot of people are sitting at. And it looks like it's quite busy. So, yeah, I think that'll probably be my. My biggest example.


Chad (00:25:05 - 00:25:08)


Right, so you're a little bit. A little bit less inhibited and a little bit more.


YVO-Participant 1 (00:25:08 - 00:25:09)


Yes.


Chad (00:25:09 - 00:25:16)


Florative when you're in a hotel setting. And if a hotel could help accentuate that, that would be all right.


YVO-Participant 1 (00:25:17 - 00:25:18)


Yeah, definitely. So.


Chad (00:25:18 - 00:25:44)


Okay, cool. All right, let's talk about kind of just your perspective on. Well, it's. Call it lifestyle hotels. So I'd be interested to know which kind of brands have you stayed at before? What aspects of those brands were intriguing to you or which did you sort of like, just curious on what your. What your kind of sort of style and vibe and character is in a hotel?


YVO-Participant 1 (00:25:44 - 00:27:57)


Yeah, so I like. I do like trendy, kind of like boutique, kind of like unique hotels. So, like, for example, like, the Harborline Hotels, I haven't managed to stay at, like, the New York one, but it's on my list of places. I'm desperate to stay there because it just looks so snazzy, so intimate. So kind of tailored towards kind of individual needs rather than being big and Cheney and like the one in Dallas as well. Like I know you guys have like. I know there's like personal kind of events and one in Chicago. They have like live kind of bands and experiences. Like and for me I just feels really appealing. So I'm very much. Keep it kind of keep it bespoke, keep it tailored to me. So there's a hotel I love to stay at in New York which is called the Pestana which is kind of behind the like Ronaldo brand. And I think yeah, they've got two. There's one on like Park Avenue and then there's one sort of like Times Squarey area. And yes, it's smaller boutique, they give you free breakfast and it's very much. It doesn't feel overwhelmingly big. Like it's nice, it's, it's intimate. Another hotel that I really, really, really like is. It's in Vegas which is the MGM Like I feel like that is huge. But it has everything that you need. Like I feel like it's amazing. It's totally left intimate. It's not the boutique that I know and love but you have everything on site that you need and you don't even need to leave the hotel. So that's kind of like an exception. I' the one I told you that I stayed at in Malta this year was absolutely amazing as well because they had the kids club and so I was able just basically to go and explore with my mum for a couple of hours while my son was in kids club. So that was actually really nice too. So I feel it was called the AX AX Odyssey Malta. So in St Julian's in Malta. And yeah, it was like a. Oh yeah. One thing I'll always do is I'm never really going below four star hotels as well. So that for me is like the, the make or break. But yeah, those are the kind of like the key things I'm looking for.


Chad (00:27:57 - 00:28:04)


So let's expand on that. Never go below four stars. Like so you. There's like a clinical definition of what four stars means.


YVO-Participant 1 (00:28:04 - 00:28:05)


But what.


Chad (00:28:05 - 00:28:11)


What for you would. Would mean this is a four star and what. What would be something that you would want below that?


YVO-Participant 1 (00:28:13 - 00:30:14)


Yes, I think below that. Below four star. So for me a four star is rooms which are quality and not dated. So they've got like really innovative amenities. They've got things Like a smart, smart TV or like a microwave, a coffee maker, modern kind of features. I think those are really important. I think four star is also very much about the level of customer service. So like the room is being, the bed sheets are being changed daily, but like a nice walk in shower, you've got free kind of like toiletries. All of those things I think count for a lot, as does the, like, the decor. Because I've stayed in like hotels which are below four star, which might be quite sort of like dated and tired. They might have like quite old carpets or might be dark and dreary. Like after we left, after we left the Sonder Hotel in Toronto, I spent some time in Calgary, then came back to Toronto for two nights. And the hotel I stayed in for the final two nights was just an absolute downgrade. It was absolutely awful. Like my son is like not in any way like bougie, but even he was just like, whoa, mommy, are we staying here? It was awful. Like it was just really dark, dreary. Like everything felt so dated and old. And even though it said kind of like it's a four star on the ratings, you know, it just was not at all. But one thing I've noticed actually is in different countries, the ratings mean different things. So even just yesterday I was looking at a hotel I would love to go and stay at in Dubai, which is the Hilton Yas Islands. And that is like rated five star by the hotel, but also by TripAdvisor. And people kind of like normal people rate it like Google reviews. And so I think that kind of general normal people rating versus the hotel rating. I think those kind of need to like, they need to align. It can't be like a five star hotel by the hotel brand and then a one star by the customers. That doesn't work out for me.


Chad (00:30:16 - 00:30:43)


Fair. All right, so let's see. You haven't stayed in a acme yet, but you sort of explained that you've been interested. You talked about New York and Dallas. So you've done a little bit of research. You might have a, you might have a little bit of a sneak peek on this. But what, what do you think, what do you think you'd expect from, from a harborline hotel? Like, what are your expectations?


YVO-Participant 1 (00:30:44 - 00:31:45)


Oh, my expectations. So I am obsessed with the acme brand. So I just know that it's going to be quality. I know it's gonna be premium. I know it's gonna be like great customer service. I know that everything is going to be like great intricate attention to detail. Like I have looked at staying in the Acme Manhattan hotel so many times. It's just, it just looks so nice and so appealing. And then like the one in Dallas and then I think they've even just opened one in Scotland as well in the uk. And I'm, I'm really trying to kind of like find trips to justify, to go like just staying on the hotel. But I think it's going to just be if it's anything like the, the airline brand or even just the like the wines brand or the Acme experience based brand, I just know it's going to be quality. I know they're not going to be stuck in any key areas. I know it's going to feel very bespoken, very tailored to me. It's not just going to be oh, here she is. She's just another number. It's going to be like a. Hi, hi everyone. How are you? What can we do for you? How can we help you kind of experience?


Chad (00:31:47 - 00:31:51)


All right, makes sense. You, you, you, you're loving the brain, my dear. You were living.


YVO-Participant 1 (00:31:51 - 00:31:59)


Oh, I love it. I, I like if you could see the, you could see the apps on my, on my home screen. I'm obsessed with the Acme Brand


Eva (00:32:02 - 00:32:08)


What's the memorable thing that has happened in a Harborline Hotel and why so special to you?


YVO-Participant 1 (00:32:08 - 00:33:43)


So I haven't stayed in the Harborline Hotel so I can't say that but I can say like for the Acme Brand, like the airplane just our last trip. So when we were coming back from Toronto we were really unfortunate and I was traveling by our, I was traveling via New York so we basically had like a stopover kind of thing but we missed our, we missed our connecting flight because our plane was delayed. Acme were absolutely amazing. They, yeah, they basically upgraded us so we get to the kind of like the boarding area and think we're getting into our like our normal seat. Naturally we find out when like, I don't know like seat I think it was like 16 and now to the point where my son is like mommy, always flying at the front of the plane again. And I'm like no, not every time, you know. But that made me feel so touched because I was there. I as I said I'd spent all summer in to instead I had a lot of bags. I was exhausted. I had my young son with me and the last thing I wanted was just be stranded and just kind of like stuck. I hadn't accounted for staying overnight in another city. But the steward like the guy at the kind of like the check in desk. He was really great at like ringing, trying to find us another place. And to the point where I came home and I raved about the brand just purely for that experience. They didn't make me feel like, oh, we've got nothing. We can't help you in any way. It was very much like, how can we help you? What can we do to help you get back home? And then made our experience getting home all a bit more smoother, despite the fact that like, we've been delayed for like five hours and I literally could have cried. Yeah.


Chad (00:33:47 - 00:33:47)


There'S.


YVO-Participant 1 (00:33:47 - 00:33:47)


They.


Chad (00:33:47 - 00:33:52)


That's. That is the wonderful part about the Acme Group is there people are fantastic.


YVO-Participant 1 (00:33:52 - 00:33:54)


Amazing. Amazing. Yeah.


Chad (00:33:55 - 00:34:11)


All right. We've talked a lot about kind of your travel with the, your, your son, but you said sometimes you go with the girls or you go with other folks. How do your expectations for a hotel shift and change based on who you traveled with?


YVO-Participant 1 (00:34:13 - 00:34:58)


So I feel like my girls and my partner, we're all kind of, we've all got kind of like four star expectations. There's what I've realized actually, as I've got older, I think there's only certain people, like, I enjoy traveling with. Like, and I think the people that I do travel with, we all have very similar expectations and similar kind of ideals and standards. So, like, budget wise, we're all kind of like thinking the same thing, all on the same page. We don't necessarily have one friend who's like, oh, okay, I'm gonna do like a two star kind of motel while we all kind of stay another one. So I think that makes it a lot easier for traveling because we're all kind of expecting a nice shower or expecting a decent location, non dated furniture, good customer service. So I think we're probably all quite well aligned. Chad.


Chad (00:34:59 - 00:35:11)


Okay. And is there, is there, is there any different sort of expectation that you want in terms of what that hotel experience would be when you're say, travel with your partner or say travel with your son? Like, is there.


YVO-Participant 1 (00:35:11 - 00:35:57)


Yeah. Yes. Yeah. I think when I'm traveling with my son, it's obviously harder because it's just me and him and we've got like, I kind of bring as much luggage as I can, so we've got everything we need. So I think I'm definitely a lot more anxious because I'm thinking, oh my God, is everything going to be okay? So. So I think for me it's having the knowledge and the reassurance that the staff on hand to help me if need be, and that they have everything to cater for my needs. Whereas when I'm traveling with my partner, it's very much a case of, okay, well, if something doesn't work out, we can wing it. It's just the two of us. Like, it's cool. Like, it's not such a big deal. I'm less anxious. Whereas, yeah, with my son, I just want everything to be like really smooth and for nothing to go wrong. Especially if I'm in a foreign country where we don't speak the language.


Chad (00:35:58 - 00:36:01)


Right, right. Makes sense. All right, Very cool.


YVO-Participant 1 (00:36:04 - 00:36:05)


All right.


Chad (00:36:08 - 00:36:25)


In terms of sort of, you were talking about the quality of Acme and then you kind of referenced even the Dubai five star, like, talk to us. What expectation of lifestyle to luxury is for you around a Harborline Hotel?


YVO-Participant 1 (00:36:27 - 00:37:26)


Premium, like premium is the word that stands out. It's going to be the best mattresses. It's not going to be like a kind of like cardboard thin mattress. It's going to be pillows. If I. It's a pillow, doesn't work for me. It's going to be housekeeping saying, okay, well, we've got extra pillows for you. It's going to be food that doesn't feel like it's just come out of like a chain kind of factory. It's going to be food that feels like it's been cooked by a chef. If it's like an on site restaurant, it's going to be toiletries, which aren't kind of going to bring my skin out in a rush. It's going to be like nice kind of quality toiletries. Location is going to be good as well. It's not going to be something that's in like in a really downtown, awful kind of area, you know, so it's all going to be premium and the staff are going to be nothing short of excited and willing and ready to be there and be on hand.


Chad (00:37:27 - 00:38:07)


Okay. And so one of the things is, what do you think? Because Acme is sort of a special brand, right? And it's sort of got its own little character. Given that, is there something you would sort of expect to differentiate Acme? Like, if you've got your hotel you go to in New York all the time, if you finally end up going to the Manhattan version of a hotel, you're excited about it. What do you think will be different and why and what will Acme bring to the table that the other place, which is a place you love, would be different? What do you think might be a little different with the Acme experience?


YVO-Participant 1 (00:38:08 - 00:39:07)


So I think that the Acme Brand is really Inclusive. So I think it would be very diverse in the sense that it might have, like drag queens, for example, it might have a live music night or it might have like different accessibility kind of things that might, I don't know, might have a screen read or something in there, like their office room. And obviously, like, there's the loyalty points as well that you can get. So I just feel like it'll be quite young, hip and beat upbeat. I feel like they wouldn't be afraid to try anything new. I feel like they're not going to be too fuddy duddyish. I feel like they're going to be quite fun, exciting and kind of the brand that you want to kind of like shout from the rooftops. Oh, I had a great experience. I think that's the quote they would give. But it'd definitely be framed on inclusivity. No one's like. No one's excluded from going to sit at the bar or participating in the show or whatever. Yeah, yeah.


Chad (00:39:07 - 00:39:13)


There's sort of a. We know there's a difference between like being exclusive versus, you know, inclusive.


YVO-Participant 1 (00:39:13 - 00:39:31)


Yeah, yeah, I. I think the word is definitely they're not going to be pretentious. That's it. It's not going to like, it's going to have an exclusive feel to it, but it's not so exclusive that pretentious. And I know Anna from around the corner can't come in because they're too snooty. It's not like that. It's like, oh, come on in. Like, join the fun and join the family.


Eva (00:39:33 - 00:39:43)


Question. Do you see it more to travel with friends, with your partner, with family? How would you. For everything?


YVO-Participant 1 (00:39:46 - 00:39:54)


So do you mean. Are you asking if the verd. If I would travel, who I travel with for that acme holiday, who are.


Chad (00:39:54 - 00:39:57)


You going to take with you when you go to travel to a harborline hotel?


YVO-Participant 1 (00:39:57 - 00:40:25)


I personally feel like I'd take everyone. I feel like I would probably go with my partner, then I'd probably go with the girls, probably then go my mom and then maybe go back as a family, my partner and my son, like it might be. I don't feel like it's a brand whereby it's only for adults or only for families or only for the girls. I feel like it's a brand that would welcome everyone and I know, I just know personally that the experience would be so good that I would want to go back, so that's why I'd end up taking everyone back there.


Chad (00:40:28 - 00:40:41)


Now, you mentioned something around toiletries a minute ago. I kind of wanted to circle back to that, how important are the amenities in a place and kind of talk us through like why they're important and what that means.


YVO-Participant 1 (00:40:42 - 00:42:21)


Yeah, for me, the amenities are extremely important. So if I'm going to show something so simple as having hand soap there rather than just like a plain bath. So it's really important. Like when I'm traveling, I, as I said, like with my son, I'll bring a lot of stuff. But if I'm traveling just for say like for business or pleasure, I don't want to be carrying too many bags. And so knowing that I can get to a hotel and they will have bath soap there, particularly if I've arrived in New York quite late at night and I can't get out to a store, CVS or Duane Reade or something, I'm thinking to myself, okay, like I want to go into the bathroom and have nice shower gel, be able to wash my hair with a nice shampoo or conditioner. The Marriott hotel at the JFK airport is wonderful because they've got like a little washing up liquids and like a little sponge that they give you, which again counts a lot because then I can just make sure that like if I do use one of the plates, I can wash it up there. You know, I think amenities can make or break a stay. If I walk into a room and there's no amenities, it's going to kind of like sway my decision as to whether I'm going to stay there. I remember staying in one chain and they had amazing white face flannels, which white is a really unsafe color to use like when you're like when you've got makeup on. But their flannels were so amazing that like if you rinsed it out with water, like even like the harder of mascara would go, which I just thought was amazing. So yeah, towels, bed sheets, soaps, conditioners, they all count for a lot for me.


Chad (00:42:22 - 00:42:23)


Nice. All right.


YVO-Participant 1 (00:42:23 - 00:43:01)


Oh, even. Sorry. Even. Sorry. Actually just even one other thing. So I just, while I'm out on this trip as well, we stayed in the resort for like three nights. And they had a drawer which no word of a lie, which is amazing. They had like, like a shoe, shoe cleaner, a make a sewing kind of kit. They had toothbrushes, combs, bath sponges. Like everything that you could possibly want was in this drawer. And it just felt like going to like a candy shop. It was, it's beautiful. It was, it's called Paduasi Resort. And again, that just kind of like made my Stay. So yeah, I think it came a lot.


Chad (00:43:02 - 00:43:07)


So it was like the, the, the secret treasure drawer. You could just pull whatever you really was.


YVO-Participant 1 (00:43:07 - 00:43:12)


Yes, it was found. It like found. It was just like oh my goodness. It was amazing. Yeah.


Chad (00:43:13 - 00:43:26)


Somebody was reflecting. They got on a bumped up on a Acme flight and they just surprise of the pajamas. Have you, have you ever heard of the acme pajamas? And on the nicer, the nicer leg of the flight.


YVO-Participant 1 (00:43:27 - 00:43:43)


So I did, I did a Acme premium flight, business class flight to Minnesota. I don't think I got pajamas. I got the, I got like a really nice kit with like everything in it, but I don't think I got the pajamas. So I might have missed out on that.


Chad (00:43:44 - 00:43:44)


Might have missed that one.


YVO-Participant 1 (00:43:44 - 00:43:45)


Yeah.


Chad (00:43:45 - 00:44:12)


It was sort of an interesting story and it's kind of. We've been wondering about like products in the room. Back to your thing. I'd rather not pack a bunch of stuff, you know, and there might be some ways to explore how they could partner with other brands and do some other interesting things. Like would that be of interest or would that be off putting if there was like products and clothes and stuff in the room, would that be something like, oh, I want to, I want to explore and try these or is like why would I want to be wearing somebody else's clothes?


YVO-Participant 1 (00:44:14 - 00:44:53)


For me it'd be really important, but for me I think it'd be important for it to be like a kind of like a sustainable brand as well. So something like the Rituals brand for example, is premium, but it's also quite sustainable because they've got like refillable soaps and hand creams and diffusers and things. I think that's quite nice. A brand that's kind of like quite chemical free. So brands are like free of parabens and sulfates. I think that would also be quite good as well. So I think for me, yeah, do the partnership that would work well. But do a partnership with a brand that also represents a good cause as opposed to just the cheapest kind of brand, you know.


Chad (00:44:54 - 00:45:35)


Yep. Yeah, I think that's kind of, that's one of their sweet spots anyways is they, they like these kind of brands anyway. So another thing we've been sort of talking about sounds like I kind of might know the answer to this before I even ask questions. But hotels can be either one of two things. They can be sort of this wonderful little shelter where it's a kind of an island that you stay and never really leave the hotel. And that's where you get your Respice or it can be a conduit to the local community. And the part that the hotel plays in that experience is kind of significant. So I'm kind of interested in which we would lean towards that and then how you'd want the hotel to help facilitate or support that.


YVO-Participant 1 (00:45:36 - 00:46:45)


Yeah, so like, for me, it's definitely the conduit to local community. Like, for me, the whole kind of. I love the hotel experience, but I also love the concept of like, you know, like Airbnb in the sense that you are a bit more closer to the community and society. So I think if the hotel is offering access to and like bespoke experiences with like locals. So like a cooking experience in someone's home or a tour of like the local streets or just basically offering a map of non touristy areas. So like, for example, New York, everyone knows that like Times Square is like the hub of New York. But then explore a bit further, you're going to Williamsburg, you're going to Brooklyn. Like, you're kind of getting more into like the nitty gritty. So I think having some kind of itinerary that embody that kind of local cultural experience is really important. So whether it be having that at the front desk or if they send you an email once you've checked in, I think that would be really important as well. So you can kind of then pick and choose as to whether you want to just stay in a hotel and just, I don't know, like, get the rest of Ms. By and just chill or if you want to kind of like immerse yourself in. Which is what I'd love to do.


Chad (00:46:46 - 00:47:17)


Makes sense. Yeah. And then in terms of like the, the vibe in the, in the lobby, like, what do you have to. Sometimes it can be a little too cool for school. Like somebody just recently brought up an example at a W that was just a little over the top, where, you know, sometimes we're like the Hoxton or whatever, it gets a little bit better balance. So. And people don't even want that. They would rather not necessarily hang out in the lobby. So through what your preferences or desires to sort of what. What lobby experience are you looking for?


YVO-Participant 1 (00:47:18 - 00:49:04)


I like a lobby experience. So there's two hotels which kind of stand out for me having quite a good lobby experience. One is like, no longer like, they used to be in New York, but like they no longer exist in New York, but I think they might exist still in other places. They're called Room Mate hotels So there was one called like Roommate Grace which had like A lobby. They had like, a swimming pool. And it was quite trendy, quite fun, quite, like, hip and not too pretentious. It was just like a nice kind of like you'd have music playing. So I thought that was quite fun. The second one is the Hoxton. I really like the Hoxton vibe. Like, I could go and take my laptop and just sit in the Hoxton lobby, even if I'm not staying there and work. And you've kind of got like a nice, kind of very sociable kind of crowd. Like, it's not too stuffy. It feels like it's a nice people watching kind of a spot. So I quite like that. The other actually, like. So when I was in the. When I was in the Alpen Resort, Bibio in the Swiss Alps, they had a lobby which was actually, like. It was a lot more family oriented because obviously you're in the mountains of people are skiing with family and stuff like that. But their lobby was quite cool because they had, like, entertainment. So it made it feel like you could go downstairs if you were on your own and you didn't have to kind of worry about feeling like you're on your own, which is sometimes maybe the case in something like that roommate hotel I was telling you, or even the W, as you were saying. Like, you might think, oh, my God, I'm on my own. I can't possibly kind of just sit at the bar and like, be on my own. Whereas at the Alpine resort, you had, like, magicians, you had people performing. So I could have easily. If I hadn't been with my son, I could have easily gone downstairs and just kind of blended and merged in and not felt like I was, like, still sticking out like a sore thumb. Right.


Chad (00:49:04 - 00:49:10)


All right, so there's a little bit of a hub of activity going on there where you can sort of just blend in the background and enjoy the people.


YVO-Participant 1 (00:49:10 - 00:49:12)


Yeah, definitely. So, yeah. Yeah.


Chad (00:49:13 - 00:49:24)


Okay. Makes sense. All right. I mean, we are getting close to time. Do you have anything else you want to sort of pick at and see if there was some.


Eva (00:49:26 - 00:49:47)


Nothing comes to mind. I think it's been really, really great to know your perspective. I really. It really resonated with me the way that you describe the Acme Brand more from an aspirational perspective for hotels and. Yeah. But no, no more questions for me. Thank you so much.


YVO-Participant 1 (00:49:48 - 00:49:48)


No worries.


Chad (00:49:49 - 00:49:57)


Yeah, thanks for that. I really appreciate it. That's always amazing. Just kind of hear people's stories and kind of see what. What makes folks tick and sort of stuff.


YVO-Participant 1 (00:49:57 - 00:50:05)


So thank you. Thank you. And thank you for your flexibility and patience at the start of the call as well. And then. Yeah, Happy New Year to you both. Thank you. No worries.


Chad (00:50:06 - 00:50:07)


So we know what you mean.


YVO-Participant 1 (00:50:08 - 00:50:12)


Oh, bless you. Thank you. All the best. Thank you. Bye.


Eva (00:50:14 - 00:50:28)


Okay, let me just stop the recording. Where is it? Oh, here. Stop. There we go. Okay, cool.


Chad (00:50:29 - 00:50:41)


Yeah, she was a little sharper on the first bits. I probably could have taken a little bit more time in that midsection, but she'd sort of. She was ending her answers quickly, and I was trying to probe and probe a little bit, and I just didn't want to keep going back to it, but.


Eva (00:50:41 - 00:50:44)


Yeah, that's fine. That's fine. I think we got.


Chad (00:50:44 - 00:50:45)


We got good.


Eva (00:50:45 - 00:50:47)


A good amount of information here.


Chad (00:50:49 - 00:51:10)


Things already popping out, like the. The pre travel stuff. It ties into some of our earlier research with Acme last time. In terms of, like, people, how do you build anticipation, get people excited, kind of get them on board with what could be or something. There's something there. There's a. Probably a little bit of a moment there we can make.


Eva (00:51:11 - 00:51:31)


Yeah. Also, like this duality between digital tools and personal service, which also came through Gina. There's something there for sure. Okay, five minute mic and then I'll jump into the next one.


Chad (00:51:32 - 00:51:35)


All right, I will see you guys later. I'll jump on a one and that's it.


Eva (00:51:36 - 00:51:36)


Thank you, Chad.


YVO-Participant 1 (00:51:37 - 00:51:38)


Bye.
