Sophie

Josh (00:00:03 - 00:00:23)


They were exploring a lot of deals with Minecraft and trying to work out sort of the Minecraft themed areas and things like that. And the thing that really hit me was we're sort of trying to position it and you realize that actually their core audience are parents who else played Minecraft as young, maybe still play it to this day.


LIN-Participant 1 (1) (00:00:23 - 00:00:23)


But yeah.


Josh (00:00:23 - 00:01:13)


Oh God. It's been around that long now that actually it's. It's kind of multi generational. Well, that's. Hopefully Lindsay arrives this time and if she doesn't, I think she's blacklisted forevermore. Fearless. Oh, goodness. Hey, Lindsay.


Chad (00:01:16 - 00:01:17)


We lost you.


Josh (00:01:17 - 00:01:22)


Lindsay, you back? Oh, I think you're on mute though, Lindsay.


Chad (00:01:23 - 00:01:46)


We'll get there. I think Lindsay is frozen.


Josh (00:01:48 - 00:02:03)


There we go. She's back. No worries. There's two. Sophie's on the screen now, but I think we can tell which one is alive. All right, thank you so much for taking the time to chat with us. Really appreciate it.


LIN-Participant 1 (1) (00:02:03 - 00:02:03)


Sure.


Josh (00:02:05 - 00:03:00)


Just, I guess before we, before we start. I'm Josh, this is Chad. We work for a company called Hidden Hidden Strategy. And we're like a market research company and we're working with Acme. I guess you probably worked out thinking about hotels really. And we've got about an hour in the diary, but maybe we can do 45 minutes, you know, and give you a bit of time back as well. And just we're gonna have a sort of a very kind of loose, informal chat about hotels. What you like about hotels, I think you know your best experiences, that kind of thing. The other thing I should say is we've got a thing called Coloop Recorder. That's. That's just for our note taking purposes. So we're not constantly looking at a notebook and we can actually talk. So don't worry, you won't end up online or anything like that. All good. But yeah, I guess before we even get into hotels, it'd be great to know a little bit about you, Lindsay. So where'd you live, who do you live with and what do you do for a living?


LIN-Participant 1 (1) (00:03:00 - 00:03:17)


Sure. I live with my husband in Louisville, Kentucky. We have three daughters, but they're all out of the house. All three in college. I'm a nurse and we love travel.


Josh (00:03:17 - 00:03:20)


Yeah, yeah, great. Where have you been recently?


LIN-Participant 1 (1) (00:03:22 - 00:03:36)


We go to Florida fairly often. My parents have a house down there that we can go stay in. But as far as a vacation, we went to Europe, went on a river cruise.


Josh (00:03:36 - 00:03:46)


Oh, fantastic. That sounds. I've heard amazing things about that. I've never done it Myself, but it's some. Yeah, right. The way through sort of. Was it France and Germany and places like that?


LIN-Participant 1 (1) (00:03:46 - 00:04:06)


Yes, we started, we. Well we did a pre tour extension in Prague and then we took a speed train to Hungary, Budapest and got on the riverboat there and took it to Amsterdam.


Josh (00:04:06 - 00:04:07)


Oh fantastic.


Chad (00:04:08 - 00:04:11)


And it's a liveaboard, right? You live on the boat?


LIN-Participant 1 (1) (00:04:11 - 00:04:12)


Yes.


Josh (00:04:12 - 00:04:15)


Yeah. Nice. It's really cool.


LIN-Participant 1 (1) (00:04:15 - 00:04:20)


Well yeah, but those rooms aren't like acme rooms. I'm sure those rooms are pretty small.


Josh (00:04:20 - 00:04:37)


Well, I mean, yeah, I guess thinking about, you know, from boats to hotels, I guess, you know, know be good to know. Can you think of the most sort of memorable experience you've. Memorable stay you've ever had in a hotel and memorable for the right reasons. Right. Maybe not because there were cockroaches in the floor or anything like that.


LIN-Participant 1 (1) (00:04:39 - 00:04:59)


We have a favorite hotel in Washington D.C. the Renaissance. It's right. Very close, walkable. I mean pretty much everything in DC is walkable. But to the National Mall we just. It's got great accommodations. The rooms are nice, the food's good. That's our favorite hotel.


Josh (00:05:00 - 00:05:08)


Great. And what is it about that in particular that you know, obviously you've got so many hotels to choose from in bc. Right. What is it about that that really.


LIN-Participant 1 (1) (00:05:08 - 00:05:36)


Kind of probably the location and just the rooms are big. We always have to get a suite because we need at least four beds with three girls. Two of them are twins so they will share a king size bed but everyone prefers their own bed. So they've got really nice suites there that are big enough for our family. So that's. And then the location, it's just very convenient.


Josh (00:05:36 - 00:05:54)


Yeah, yeah, yeah. Really important. Right. And yeah, I guess when you're thinking, when you're thinking about a hotel. Yeah. Maybe you're going somewhere you've never been before or, or maybe somewhere you have been before. What are the kind of things you think about when you're booking a hotel or choosing. Choosing where to stay?


LIN-Participant 1 (1) (00:05:55 - 00:06:12)


Mostly location. And then we read a lot of reviews. My husband travels a fair amount for work and we usually stay at Marriott Properties just because we have their credit card and a lot of points now and we have status with them so we get upgrades.


Josh (00:06:14 - 00:06:21)


Yeah. So they kind of. Loyalty, loyalty plays kind of a big deciding factor there then, right?


LIN-Participant 1 (1) (00:06:21 - 00:06:22)


Yes, yes.


Josh (00:06:22 - 00:06:39)


And even if, even, even if you're kind of maybe going to stay at a Marriott or a Marriott property, is there anything you're kind of looking for in a hotel? Like you know, any. Whether It's, I don't know, different amenities or I don't know the style of it or the sense of character. What are your kind of tastes?


LIN-Participant 1 (1) (00:06:40 - 00:07:12)


Well, like a poll, we're all swimmers, so we enjoy a pool, especially after a long day of sightseeing or whatever. Being able to kind of relax. Having an on site restaurant's also super nice. And then just big enough. Recently, I guess my husband and I have traveled just the two of us, so that's not as big of a deal any longer. But just, you know, the pool and a restaurant on site are our two big things for sure.


Chad (00:07:13 - 00:07:16)


You're entering into that new realm of freedom, Lindsay.


LIN-Participant 1 (1) (00:07:16 - 00:07:29)


Yes. Yes. Our first two were so easy and this third one has shoe. She has been a lot. So we are. Yeah. I didn't know if we were going to survive or not.


Chad (00:07:31 - 00:07:32)


But you did it.


LIN-Participant 1 (1) (00:07:32 - 00:07:32)


Yeah. And now.


Chad (00:07:33 - 00:07:52)


So to that point, like you've obviously you're taking into a lot of things into account when you travel with the four of you guys or five of you guys, I guess. So now that you're just down to two, that removes some restrictions. And now you can probably make some other criteria of what it is you're after.


LIN-Participant 1 (1) (00:07:53 - 00:07:53)


Right.


Chad (00:07:54 - 00:07:57)


How does that change the equation for what you guys are looking for in a, in a property?


LIN-Participant 1 (1) (00:07:58 - 00:08:41)


Pretty much we just don't have to find a suite big enough. Um, it, it really opens up a lot of doors. Um, and we did a little, I forgot about this summer. We went to Europe and we did a cruise, but then we also spent time in London and Paris, in Rome and yeah, it really, I don't think they have suites in Europe. So it really helped out that we just needed really one bed for the two of us. So that was super nice. We both were like, this is so nice. We have so much more opportunity to look at all over the place and different things. So yeah, it definitely helps not being able, not having to look for a big suite for all those beds.


Josh (00:08:41 - 00:08:41)


Yeah.


Chad (00:08:41 - 00:08:58)


And then when you're thinking about like the Marriotts that you stay at normally versus maybe some of the smaller little hotels in London or in Rome, were there any distinctions there that were interesting that you're like, ah, we're not staying at a mega Marriott. There's some other benefits that we can get.


LIN-Participant 1 (1) (00:08:58 - 00:09:29)


We definitely like the smaller boutique hotels. You kind of get to know the office or the front desk employees. Like when you come back from a day or leave in the morning, they go get to know your name. So we definitely appreciated that. So there's A lot to be said for both, I think. My husband is more of a big hotel chain kind of person, but I like the quaint little smaller hotels that, you know, you're just walking a line along a sidewalk and then it's right there on your left, you know, so.


Josh (00:09:29 - 00:09:31)


Yeah. In the first place.


LIN-Participant 1 (1) (00:09:31 - 00:09:33)


Right, right, exactly.


Josh (00:09:34 - 00:09:40)


Yeah. That's great. I'd say. Did you ever get into kind of good natured debates about where to stay because of that?


LIN-Participant 1 (1) (00:09:41 - 00:09:55)


He's pretty laid back. He pretty much lets me have the, the rain on doing all the. He knows that I'm not gonna. I haven't yet. Yeah. Caused us any problems. So he pretty much gives me a. Gives me the full reign to do the travel planning.


Josh (00:09:55 - 00:10:03)


Love that. Great. You mentioned your on site restaurants. Really important. What makes it. What makes great hotel food?


LIN-Participant 1 (1) (00:10:05 - 00:10:17)


Hmm. A good bar. We do like to have a cocktail or two at night and then just variety. Having a variety of food.


Josh (00:10:19 - 00:10:24)


Yeah, I guess. You know, I feel like hotel food can vary so much. Right.


LIN-Participant 1 (1) (00:10:24 - 00:10:26)


And it can do.


Josh (00:10:27 - 00:10:40)


I mean, would you. Would you kind of prefer. If you're thinking about the kind of food you get, is it sort of stuff, you know, kind of, you know, classics, or would you rather have stuff which is maybe more true to the city or the country you're in?


LIN-Participant 1 (1) (00:10:40 - 00:10:45)


Yeah, we like to have like authentic from where we're staying.


Josh (00:10:47 - 00:11:08)


Nice. I mean, I don't know if this, if you'd agree with this, Lindsay, but yeah. One of the things we've been talking about, me and Chad is kind of hotels are quite weird, Right. Because you, you sort of become as not a different person, but normal rules kind of don't apply. You know, maybe wouldn't have a cocktail at home on a normal Wednesday evening, but in a hotel. Yeah, I'll have a second.


LIN-Participant 1 (1) (00:11:08 - 00:11:09)


Right, right.


Josh (00:11:10 - 00:11:14)


Do you kind of feel that you do different things to everyday life when you're in a hotel?


LIN-Participant 1 (1) (00:11:15 - 00:11:15)


Absolutely.


Josh (00:11:16 - 00:11:17)


What kind of stuff?


LIN-Participant 1 (1) (00:11:17 - 00:11:55)


Well, for one, we sleep in for the most part. You know, sometimes when you have a full day of, of sightseeing or, you know, touring, whatever you have planned that you get up at, at home, we, we pretty much get up early and get our day going, regardless of whether we're working that day or not. But when we travel, we kind of like to have a later start to the day and then, yeah, the cocktails, you know, if we have a stressful day at work or one of the girls drives us nuts, we'll have a glass of wine or something after dinner. But for the most part we Reserve that for the weekends and not so much during the week, which we don't. On vacation, we. Yeah, we have a cocktail.


Josh (00:11:56 - 00:12:15)


That's great. Yeah. You mentioned sort of food and, and having a lion. Right. And are there any other kind of services you kind of tend to use, whether that's like a concierge or. I know you mentioned the pool as well, right. Gyms or what other kind of stuff do you tend to kind of make use of?


LIN-Participant 1 (1) (00:12:16 - 00:12:28)


We do use the gyms and we do use a concierge. That's huge. I'd forgotten about that. That's a big deal because they know where to lead you and to keep you from going.


Josh (00:12:29 - 00:12:38)


Tell me more about that. Yeah, because kind of what makes a great concierge and so, you know, where do you want them to take you? Where do you want them to avoid?


LIN-Participant 1 (1) (00:12:39 - 00:13:23)


Take us to the good places and avoid the bad places. That's more of a benefit, like when we are traveling overseas just because of the language barrier and not always knowing what the restaurant's famous for. I mean, pretty much with Google you can read reviews regardless of what country you're in. But it's just helpful to have someone who's actually been there because you can't always trust Google. Right. Like, sometimes the restaurant pays people to, to give them recommendations. So it's always good to have a live person say this, this is good, and this is what you should get if you like this or, or what kind of food do you like? Maybe, you know, so they give you recommendations.


Josh (00:13:24 - 00:13:29)


Yeah, yeah. I mean, and you know, I guess sometimes there's nothing beats the knowledge of a local. Right?


LIN-Participant 1 (1) (00:13:30 - 00:13:31)


Absolutely.


Josh (00:13:32 - 00:13:41)


Sure. And like, I guess, I think I said right at the beginning, you know, one of the things where we're sort of exploring is what makes a hotel stay memorable.


Chad (00:13:41 - 00:13:41)


Right.


Josh (00:13:41 - 00:13:55)


Because I think, you know, hotels are often really, really good, full stop, you know, but every now and again you stay somewhere or the hotel does something that just sticks in their mind, I guess for you, what would make a hotel stay feel really.


LIN-Participant 1 (1) (00:13:55 - 00:14:17)


I think the people, you know, the front desk is friendly, the concierge friendly. Like you're going to remember relationship that you form with people and you know, and it's usually from recommendations and just like, well, how did you like where I sent. You know, you know, when you go back the next day, you know, and they remember what they told you and ask how you liked it, I think that probably makes it memorable.


Josh (00:14:18 - 00:14:31)


So, you know, remembering who you are. Right. And not just your name, but like the kind of Things you like or where you went? Yeah, for sure. Is there anything else, Any. Any other things that kind of stick in your mind? Is that.


Chad (00:14:32 - 00:14:54)


And like, again, back to the. Was there something that somebody kind of went above and beyond with or there was an aesthetic that really kind of hit you or struck you when you came into a particular place? Like, if you looked back at the last, say, I don't know, 10 hotels you were in, could you get a minute, an image right now or a story in your head to go, oh, that place in Rome was X because of.


Josh (00:14:54 - 00:14:54)


Yeah.


LIN-Participant 1 (1) (00:14:55 - 00:15:00)


Yes. Like local art.


Josh (00:15:01 - 00:15:01)


Okay.


LIN-Participant 1 (1) (00:15:01 - 00:15:29)


Be it sculptures or light fixtures, you know, pottery, different. All different kinds of stuff in the lobby and then in the rooms. I do. Like when they put, like, paintings of local attractions in the rooms, I think that's really cool. Or sculptures of local attractions in the room. So. Yes, definitely. How they decorate. Yeah.


Chad (00:15:33 - 00:15:46)


Does that kind of build a narrative of. Of the place you're staying in? And if you're seeing that art, does that sort of. Sort of, kind of tell. Tell the story of the. The space in a way that makes you want to go explore it more or kind of walk me through it?


LIN-Participant 1 (1) (00:15:46 - 00:15:47)


It does.


Josh (00:15:47 - 00:15:48)


How that. How that.


LIN-Participant 1 (1) (00:15:48 - 00:15:51)


How that kind of shows you stuff that you may not have known was even there?


Josh (00:15:54 - 00:16:06)


Okay. Yeah. Is that. I mean, maybe this isn't just about hotels, but kind of vacationing, traveling generally. Is that sense of discovery, you know, is it. Do you look for that when you go new places?


LIN-Participant 1 (1) (00:16:06 - 00:16:06)


We do.


Josh (00:16:08 - 00:16:15)


What kind of. Yeah. What kind of things are you trying to discover? Maybe you don't know until you find them, but what kind of stuff are you trying to discover and. And explore?


LIN-Participant 1 (1) (00:16:18 - 00:16:43)


I mean, obviously, you go to Rome, you're going to see all the big things. But we also, like, you know, I'm not a big museum person. As much as I say I enjoy, like, decor and hotels, I'm not a big history and museum person. So that doesn't. But my husband does. So. Although when we were in New Orleans, Gosh, probably 10 years ago, we went to the World War II Museum, and I think I enjoyed it more than he did. So sometimes I guess I do like museums.


Josh (00:16:44 - 00:16:51)


I've been there. I think it's one of the best museums in the world. Honestly, I could not believe how interesting it was.


LIN-Participant 1 (1) (00:16:51 - 00:17:04)


It was, right? Yeah. And I think when you leave, they say, oh, you can come back tomorrow, too. And I can't. Maybe. I can't remember if we were going somewhere else we couldn't go. But he's like, seriously, you would go to a museum two days in a row.


Josh (00:17:06 - 00:17:07)


That one. I definitely would.


LIN-Participant 1 (1) (00:17:07 - 00:17:15)


Yeah. Yeah, yeah. You could spend probably a week there and still not see everything. Yeah, yeah, sure. So I'm sorry, I forgot what the question was.


Josh (00:17:15 - 00:17:17)


Oh, it was just about discovering stuff.


LIN-Participant 1 (1) (00:17:17 - 00:17:41)


Oh, okay. Yeah, we walk around a lot and just kind of find different things to do. Yeah, we, we like direction from like, the. Gosh, I'm trying to think. TripAdvisor, I think, has, you know, different things to do in different cities and, and also talking to concierge, but we also like, just kind of walk around and explore and find different things to. To see.


Josh (00:17:44 - 00:17:59)


So we've been talking about kind of things you like in hotels and the good things about hotels. Are there any things you really don't like about hotels or wish they did a bit differently or, you know, just wish they just fixed that thing or would, you know, why do they always do that? Is there anything that kind of just.


LIN-Participant 1 (1) (00:17:59 - 00:18:12)


Dirt, just if it's dirty, you know, if you can tell the sheets haven't been changed or, you know, just. Yeah, pretty much. Just. That's the only thing that's going to make me have a negative impression on the hotel.


Chad (00:18:12 - 00:18:51)


I wonder if we can maybe look at it from a different angle. We were talking to somebody recently and they're like, we've never stayed an Airbnb. Like, we're hotel people. I think I'm kind of curious on that line of thinking, like, you know, what is it from the Airbnb that they dislike so much that the hotel offers you in a way? So I'm kind of curious on, like, what are those pain points that a hotel does that are kind of frustrating? You're like, if I could, if I had a magic wand and can reinvent how I would stay in a. In a new place to sort of begin my discovery. I'd prefer to have some things that are along these lines. Like that's sort of, kind of what we're trying to get under the skin a little bit.


LIN-Participant 1 (1) (00:18:52 - 00:19:25)


I mean, my husband, I are both pretty laid back. Not much gets us worked up. You know, sometimes there's noise in a hotel that's annoying. But, you know, like, we take earplugs just because, you know, we just, you know, know that that could be a problem. So we're pretty easy going. So I, I can't think of anything in a hotel or Airbnb, either one, you know, any, any type of experience like that with that would persuade us to, to avoid them.


Chad (00:19:26 - 00:19:37)


Would you maybe want more or less exposure to other folks in the place, to great greater community or meet some new people or is that uninteresting to you? I mean, kind of depends.


LIN-Participant 1 (1) (00:19:39 - 00:21:26)


So like going back to cruises, on a river cruise, there's very few people, so you essentially eat all your meals with the whole boat. Like there's one dining room as opposed to like a big ocean cruise. And so, you know, it just kind of depends what kind of mood that we're in if we want to, you know, just sit at a two person table and just kind of talk, you know, about how our day was about, you know, what we need to do when we get home or if we want to meet a lot of people. I enjoy meeting people and, you know, you meet them from all over the world. So that's, that's really cool to just kind of learn about how other people live in different countries than we do. So I enjoy, yeah, meeting other guests, I guess not necessarily in hotels. I don't feel like, just maybe like skin level kind of, oh, what did you all do today? But not really get to know them, like. And I also feel like in hotels it's, there's more of a turnover and guests, like, usually you don't stay in a hotel. We don't. I should say we don't. My parents have timeshare through Marriott. Not through Marriott, through Wyndham and through Disney. So, you know, growing up as a kid, we would go to condominiums and stay for a week, so you would get to know people there. But in hotels, I just feel like they're bigger. You may see some of the same people, like in the lounge, they do a breakfast that sometimes we go to if we need to grab something. Quick, quick. Or at the bar. You do see some people, but I don't feel like you can form the relationships with people just because, you know, they're big and people have different schedules.


Josh (00:21:28 - 00:21:40)


This is a really small question, but you mentioned breakfast and we've spoken to a few people this week and everyone is sort of, in some different ways, gone. Like hotel breakfast. So important. How important is the hotel breakfast to you?


LIN-Participant 1 (1) (00:21:41 - 00:22:12)


Not really. You know, like I said, if we're going somewhere early and we're not gonna have time to stop by and get something, then we will, you know, run in there and grab something. One of my, well, two of our daughters love Starbucks, so they always go down to Starbucks. But sometimes my husband, I'll just run up to the lounge and grab, you know, a bagel or oatmeal or something like that. But it's not huge just because we like to eat, you know, eat. Eat the loaf where the locals eat for sure.


Josh (00:22:12 - 00:22:22)


It's really nice to hear that. Actually, I'm not a hotel breakfast kind of a guy. Confusing. Yeah. I'm just sort of like. But, but there's so much out there, right?


LIN-Participant 1 (1) (00:22:22 - 00:22:28)


Yeah. Right. Why would you eat. Yeah. Pancakes and biscuits or bacon.


Josh (00:22:28 - 00:22:34)


Exactly. Or if you're gonna have it, have it somewhere. You know that, that's kind of the neighborhood classic.


LIN-Participant 1 (1) (00:22:34 - 00:22:34)


Right.


Josh (00:22:35 - 00:23:12)


I guess taking a bit of a. Bit of a step back. Right. We're sort of thinking about. Obviously, hotels come in all kind of shapes and sizes. Different tiers, different, you know, numbers of stars and in different stages of people's lives, different kind of needs in the moment, you might stay somewhere different. But whereabouts on that kind of spectrum is, is kind of your happy place, Right. You know, if one end is sort of super luxury where everyone's like, Ms. Zanetti, come this way and the other end is like, you don't speak to anyone. You go in, there's a room. Yeah. Where. Where's your kind of like your perfect kind of spot on that?


LIN-Participant 1 (1) (00:23:12 - 00:23:22)


Yeah, we, I mean, we like nice places, but I don't like that uppity, like, you know, call me Lindsay. Don't call me exactly.


Josh (00:23:22 - 00:23:23)


Yeah.


LIN-Participant 1 (1) (00:23:23 - 00:23:35)


And yeah, we don't like the uppity, but we usually stay at four or five star hotels just because they're pretty tried and true at that point.


Josh (00:23:35 - 00:24:08)


Yeah, Yeah, I think that's, that's the reason why I ask is, I guess, you know, we're thinking about Acme and, and I think Harborline Hotels are trying to sort of definitely think of themselves as kind of that kind of four or five star area. But they'll definitely call you Lindsay and if you've got a nickname, they'll call you your nickname. Right. And. And it's just kind of interesting to see, you know, what's that sort of. How would you describe that kind of hotel? Right. We're kind of, you know, not super, super luxurious and fancy, but still nice. What are the kind of features you'd expect?


LIN-Participant 1 (1) (00:24:15 - 00:24:19)


What, like, as far as features, what do you mean? Like restaurant, bar.


Josh (00:24:20 - 00:24:31)


Could be what the bar would be like or the restaurant or, or just the kind of maybe the little things they do. Right. You know, how does your room look or is there something on your pillow? You know, all that kind of stuff. Like, you know.


LIN-Participant 1 (1) (00:24:31 - 00:24:56)


Yeah. When our kids were traveling with us, which, I mean, they were even this summer, they always loved, you know, when there would be a mint on the pillow. But that, you know, whatever. I don't care about that. But if it makes them happy, fine. We just, you know, like I said, we're pretty. Pretty down to earth. Not into too much fanciness. We just want a nice, clean, safe. That's big, safe accommodation.


Josh (00:24:56 - 00:25:09)


Yeah. I mean, you mentioned you saying kind of often stay in the Marriott, but are there any other kind of hotel brands you, you know, of and sort of think about or have kind of points of view on?


LIN-Participant 1 (1) (00:25:10 - 00:25:58)


Well, like I said, my parents have Wyndham timeshare, so we've stayed at a fair amount of those. Like when my parents have points that are going to expire or something, they'll, you know, give those to us, I guess. Yeah, there's a lot of Marriott. Renaissance is a Marriott. When my husband travels for work, he stays at Sheraton a fair amount. I've stayed there a couple of times. They're dark to me. Sheraton's are like. I just feel like the room's not very bright, the lobby's not very bright, the hallway is not very bright. I don't know what it is about Sheraton, but everyone I've ever been to with him was kind of had dark motif.


Josh (00:25:58 - 00:26:10)


Yeah. I mean, it makes a difference, right. If it's. If it's. If it's dark, if it's, you know. You know, maybe not. Not dirty, but you kind of get a sense of what are they hiding.


LIN-Participant 1 (1) (00:26:10 - 00:26:10)


Yeah.


Josh (00:26:10 - 00:26:13)


Or, you know, do you really feel at home somewhere? Right. And.


LIN-Participant 1 (1) (00:26:13 - 00:26:13)


Right.


Josh (00:26:13 - 00:26:33)


You know, so I think. Yeah, that definitely makes sense. In my mind, Sheraton's always quite dark, but I don't know, I might be just. I might be just confusing myself there. Okay. So I said right at the beginning, you know, we're sort of working with. With Acme and we don't work for Acme. So you can be mean about Acme if you like, if you want to be in such.


LIN-Participant 1 (1) (00:26:33 - 00:27:08)


Honestly, I didn't. So we flew to Europe this summer on Acme, who. I don't even know who they're partnered with. Like, if we were. I don't think it's Delta. Maybe if it was American or United, just to get our timing right. And I didn't even know Acme had hotels. When we were in. We did a Greek Isle cruise and we saw a Bluefin Cruise ship. So of course then we looked into that. But we. We had a wonderful experience on it, on the airline Acme. So I was like that, you know, if they can do airplanes, right, then they've Got to do everything else, right?


Josh (00:27:08 - 00:27:13)


Yeah. What was so good about the. The Skylark Airlines experience?


LIN-Participant 1 (1) (00:27:14 - 00:27:48)


The attendance were awesome. You know, they were great. Everything was on time, it was clean. We had our girls with us and they have a snack wall. I can't remember what they call it, but the girls kept calling it a snack wall, where you essentially could walk back to this snack wall anytime they wanted and get a snack. And it was just comfortable, comfortable, clean. Got us to where we needed to be on time. And the attendants were super nice. The pilots were very informative.


Josh (00:27:48 - 00:28:04)


Yeah, I mean, Acme's quite a. I don't know, I get the feeling that it's quite a. Kind of an interesting brand. And what were your kind of. I don't know, what does, what does Acme kind of feel like to you as a, as a brand?


LIN-Participant 1 (1) (00:28:04 - 00:28:29)


Isn't it felt luxurious to us, but like I said, I, you know, I didn't even know. We. And we saw that cruise ship and we started looking up, like, some of their itineraries. We're not like, glued to a certain brand. We just look at itineraries and then, you know, want to make sure that they have a decent reputation for having good accommodations and activities and, and food.


Josh (00:28:30 - 00:28:53)


And. Yeah. And I, I guess you didn't know Acme did hotels. Most people don't know Acme do hotels. And, you know, if you were to, you know, without knowing anything about Harborline Hotels, but having seen the cruise ship and having been on the airline, what would you expect to find in a Harborline Hotel? What are the kind of things that you, you imagine you'd see or experience or.


LIN-Participant 1 (1) (00:28:54 - 00:29:24)


You know, I would think that they would, you know, I mean, I'm going based on the airline experience. I would think they would be friendly and clean and luxurious. I can't think of the word I'm trying to say, but just like, have all the amenities that you need, you know, high quality towels and sheets and bedware, obviously that's important in a hotel is a comfortable bed and, you know, nice towels. So I would think that they would have all those things.


Josh (00:29:26 - 00:29:34)


When you say luxurious, you know, do you think luxurious in kind of that, that uppity way or more just nice.


LIN-Participant 1 (1) (00:29:34 - 00:29:48)


You know, like you buy your towels at Target or you buy them at department store where they're like fluffy and absorbent. Yeah. You know, you buy nice sheets that. Or soft and, you know, high, high thread count.


Josh (00:29:49 - 00:29:50)


Yeah, yeah.


LIN-Participant 1 (1) (00:29:50 - 00:29:55)


I know I sound like I'm uppity, but I promise I just like to be comfortable.


Josh (00:29:55 - 00:30:01)


Oh, for sure. I think, you know, if you're staying in a nice hotel, you. You definitely don't want towels from Target.


LIN-Participant 1 (1) (00:30:01 - 00:30:02)


Right, Right.


Josh (00:30:03 - 00:30:17)


For sure. This is a. You know, and again, appreciate you. You've never been to a version hotel, but you know a little bit about Acme, which is. Right. Why it's an interesting question to ask, but what kind of people do you imagine would stay in a Harborline Hotel?


Chad (00:30:17 - 00:30:17)


Right.


LIN-Participant 1 (1) (00:30:17 - 00:30:40)


You know, I feel like people like me, you know, professionals who want to be in a nice place, not. Not catered to, but just, you know, be taken care of as far as housekeeping and just, you know, what we all expect when we go to a hotel, A clean, safe place to stay.


Josh (00:30:41 - 00:30:42)


Yeah, yeah, yeah.


LIN-Participant 1 (1) (00:30:43 - 00:30:48)


I don't know that I would expect, like a bunch of business people to be at a version. I don't know why I say that, but.


Josh (00:30:50 - 00:30:59)


What makes you think that exactly? I don't know, just sort of a bit less serious as a. As a brand, perhaps, or maybe.


LIN-Participant 1 (1) (00:31:01 - 00:31:07)


Probably based on the fact that I don't remember seeing a whole bunch of like, business type people on our flight. Maybe.


Josh (00:31:07 - 00:31:08)


Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.


LIN-Participant 1 (1) (00:31:09 - 00:31:11)


Have to judge a whole brand based on one experience.


Josh (00:31:12 - 00:31:16)


I know. I mean, it's kind of what we're here for, right? It's nothing wrong with that.


LIN-Participant 1 (1) (00:31:18 - 00:31:18)


Yeah.


Josh (00:31:18 - 00:31:37)


I guess this is again, thinking very hypothetical, but, you know, you stay in, you know, let's say a Renaissance, you know, really like a Renaissance. How might you imagine a Harborline Hotel could be different from a Renaissance hotel? What might it do that might be you? Where could it be different?


LIN-Participant 1 (1) (00:31:37 - 00:32:18)


You think so, you know, Renaissance, they're probably a little bit more uppity than what we're comfortable with as a family. So I could almost feel the Acme like, you know, they wear. I'm not saying there's anything wrong with it, but like, you know, a suit and a tie and. Yeah, I just kind of feel like, yes, maybe 15, 20 years ago that would have been something that we would expect, but I just kind of feel like the world's moving away from that. But Renaissance still wears it now. I don't know. It's just when. When we do go up there to grab breakfast, you know, they want to give you your toast or, you know, bagel, and I'm like, I'll just get it myself.


Josh (00:32:18 - 00:32:18)


Yeah.


LIN-Participant 1 (1) (00:32:18 - 00:32:30)


So I kind of feel like acme would be more, I hate to say the word laid back because it almost sounds negative, but I do kind of feel like they'd be more laid back and just, you know, kind of like.


Josh (00:32:32 - 00:32:33)


Kind of like you do.


LIN-Participant 1 (1) (00:32:33 - 00:32:42)


You just kind of like cool. Yeah, just like, you know, whatever you need. Let us know. If you want us to do this, we can, but we don't have to. Like not in your face, but there if you need them.


Josh (00:32:43 - 00:32:59)


Yeah. And you know, guess, can you imagine like in your mind and we're still trying to work this ourselves a little bit, you know, would you think it'd be sort of a younger crowd, an older crowd? Families, couples.


LIN-Participant 1 (1) (00:33:00 - 00:33:07)


Families, couples. Probably mid age. I don't think it would be like teenager college students or like senior citizens.


Josh (00:33:07 - 00:33:13)


Yeah, yeah, yeah. Makes sense, I guess. Yeah.


LIN-Participant 1 (1) (00:33:14 - 00:33:21)


Although I think their cruise ship, because when we looked it up, I do think they have an age requirement. Like I don't think kids can go on the cruise.


Chad (00:33:21 - 00:33:22)


Yeah, that's true.


Josh (00:33:22 - 00:33:37)


That's right. What do you think that says? You know, if, you know, obviously you've got kids, although, you know, all about to leave. You know what that says about the. You expect from the experience. If it's sort of got a no kids policy.


LIN-Participant 1 (1) (00:33:41 - 00:34:12)


It doesn't bother me really one way or the other. Like even, you know, when our kids were young, if we wanted to go on a Bluefin Cruise, I would just say to my husband, well, that's something we're going to do when they grow up. You know, it is, you know, it's Vikings the same way. That's what the European cruises are. We've done our Viking. You know, some respects, I mean, kid, noisy kids don't really bother us. You know, if we're at the pool, it doesn't matter if I get splashed by a kid, whatever. So, you know, it doesn't really matter to me one way or the other.


Josh (00:34:13 - 00:34:22)


Was there when you looked into the kind of version creases, was there anything that you also remember or kind of sort of struck you at the time? Oh, that's interesting. Or different?


LIN-Participant 1 (1) (00:34:23 - 00:34:33)


Not really. We just, you know, looked at their itineraries and then noticed that, you know, there was an age limit. But not, not necessarily. We didn't dig too deep into it.


Josh (00:34:34 - 00:34:49)


No, sure. Great. I think I've gone through my list of questions which isn't in much of an order, but I think we've got to cover most of that. I don't know. Chad, do you have any other kind of questions or thoughts that you your. No, I think we, Yeah, I think.


Chad (00:34:49 - 00:34:52)


We covered most of the stuff around expectations around Acme.


LIN-Participant 1 (1) (00:34:54 - 00:34:55)


Yeah.


Chad (00:34:58 - 00:34:59)


I guess I'm kind of interested.


LIN-Participant 1 (1) (00:34:59 - 00:35:00)


In.


Chad (00:35:02 - 00:35:25)


On your trips, how much does the hotel really play a role in your experience or is it really just kind of a place to stay. And then you guys are. The trip happens kind of outside, and I want a nice clean place. It covers the, you know, the brilliant basics, but it's not really a factor in what my overall experience of the destination is. Like.


LIN-Participant 1 (1) (00:35:25 - 00:35:40)


I would say that. But it can also run a trip. Like if you, you know, go to a hotel and it's dirty or doesn't have hot water or something like that, it can ruin your trip. But not a whole lot. It doesn't, you know.


Chad (00:35:40 - 00:36:04)


So would you say for you that a hotel is best if it's. It's almost nondescript? Like, if it's. It's just functional and sort of out of the way and does what I need it to do so then I can go and explore and enjoy the city. Is it. Is it almost that to where, like, you want it to be there and to do the basic things, but you don't actually really want it to get. You don't want it to play a role or a starring role, rather, in the overall experience?


LIN-Participant 1 (1) (00:36:06 - 00:36:18)


Yes, I would say that. Yes. Not an over. Yeah, Not. Not a starring role. But, you know, we do have basics. Clean and. And spacious and. And nice. We, you know.


Josh (00:36:20 - 00:36:25)


Yeah, I feel like a hotel. It's difficult for a hotel to make a trip, but it can really easily break a trip.


LIN-Participant 1 (1) (00:36:25 - 00:36:26)


Right, right.


Josh (00:36:29 - 00:36:31)


And where are you going next, Lindsay?


LIN-Participant 1 (1) (00:36:32 - 00:36:34)


We're going to Scotland, in Ireland.


Josh (00:36:35 - 00:36:39)


Oh, brilliant. Where are you? Well, I have to ask. What. What hotels are you staying?


LIN-Participant 1 (1) (00:36:40 - 00:37:53)


So it's kind of funny. I have a close friend who is diagnosed with metastatic breast cancer. And so she did a lot of research on charities and that. I'm not going to name the name because I'm not going to badmouth it, but the biggest breast cancer organization does not really give any of their money to charity. So she kind of started working with a local charity, and they have a big gala every year, and we go every year, but this year we were in Florida. So they have an online silent auction. And so we're like, well, since we can't go to the gala, we'll go, you know, get. Get some stuff at the silent auction. So they had, I think about nine or ten vacation packages on there. And it doesn't really say. It tells you, you know, airfares included, foods included. And, you know, I think it says five star, four or five star, I can't remember. And so anyways, we just said, well, here, these are places we want to go, so let's just do the minimum bid. And then, you know, as we start getting outbidded, we'll decide which ones we want to take. Well, we never got outbid on any of them, so we ended up with five vacation packages.


Josh (00:37:53 - 00:37:53)


Wow.


LIN-Participant 1 (1) (00:37:54 - 00:37:55)


So we don't know where we're going.


Josh (00:37:56 - 00:37:57)


Or we know where.


LIN-Participant 1 (1) (00:37:57 - 00:38:08)


We know the. The cities, but we don't know where we're staying yet. But it's not until the end of May. The last two. May, last three. Last two weeks of May, first week of June.


Josh (00:38:09 - 00:38:11)


So what cities are you going to in?


LIN-Participant 1 (1) (00:38:12 - 00:38:13)


That's my husband.


Josh (00:38:13 - 00:38:17)


I'm not sure if you ever find yourself in Glasgow.


LIN-Participant 1 (1) (00:38:17 - 00:38:22)


Yes, that Glasgow is one of them because we have a Glasgow, Kentucky. So I do remember Glasgow.


Josh (00:38:23 - 00:38:25)


It does some of the best Indian food in the world.


LIN-Participant 1 (1) (00:38:25 - 00:38:26)


Oh, wow.


Josh (00:38:26 - 00:38:29)


But it's a little like a. Oh, awesome.


LIN-Participant 1 (1) (00:38:29 - 00:38:30)


Thank you for that.


Josh (00:38:30 - 00:38:36)


If you ever find yourself there, I highly recommend. That's brilliant. Well. Well, enjoy your trip. When. When did you go?


LIN-Participant 1 (1) (00:38:36 - 00:38:41)


The last two weeks of May and first week of June, I think. Yeah. Yeah.


Josh (00:38:41 - 00:38:58)


So the weather still won't be good, but you know, it would be nicer than usual. Brilliant. Well, I think, Lizzie, unless you've got any other kind of thoughts or anything in your mind about hotels and things like that that you'd love to share, we're really happy to kind of let you go. And just thank you for your time.


LIN-Participant 1 (1) (00:38:58 - 00:39:18)


Yeah, sure. Thank you. Sorry about yesterday. I guess I had the eastern and central time zone mixed up because we're where I am in Kentucky. We're right. We're 30 minutes into the eastern time zone, so a lot of stuff we do is central. So I apologize for that. I know your all time is important and I don't want you to think I didn't think it was.


Josh (00:39:18 - 00:39:31)


Honestly, don't worry about it at all. It's. It's. Chad and I tend to kind of. We quite like an evening call anyway, so it's. It's. I'd rather get the time back in the morning and have a nice conversation in the evening, so it's no problem at all.


LIN-Participant 1 (1) (00:39:31 - 00:39:32)


Brilliant.


Josh (00:39:32 - 00:39:39)


Well, Lindsay, thank you so much. Yeah, brilliant to hear about your experiences and stories.


LIN-Participant 1 (1) (00:39:39 - 00:39:47)


Yeah. I'll look forward to trying out a harborline hotel. Definitely. We'll have to see if there are any where we're going. I just like trying new brands too, so.


Josh (00:39:47 - 00:39:49)


Yes. Yeah, brilliant.


LIN-Participant 1 (1) (00:39:49 - 00:39:50)


Thank you very much.


Josh (00:39:50 - 00:39:51)


Have a great one.


LIN-Participant 1 (1) (00:39:51 - 00:39:52)


You too. Bye. Bye.


Josh (00:39:52 - 00:39:55)


Bye. I'll.


Chad (00:39:55 - 00:39:58)


I'll slack you if my machine's working. I don't know what happened. My whole machine just shut down.


Josh (00:39:58 - 00:39:59)


Oh, no worries.


LIN-Participant 1 (1) (00:39:59 - 00:40:00)


Sorry.


Josh (00:40:02 - 00:40:07)


How do we stop the recording? Or is it just stop recording when we leave The. Leave.


Chad (00:40:07 - 00:40:10)


Yeah, we'll leave the call and it'll. It'll stop anyways.


Josh (00:40:10 - 00:40:10)


That was.


Chad (00:40:11 - 00:40:14)


Yeah, I'll. I'll jump on slack.


Josh (00:40:14 - 00:40:15)


All right.
