Meeting Title: Lets Catch Up (Angelica Aslanidou)
Date: Dec 16
Meeting participants: Angelicaaslanidou, Josh Dickins

Transcript:
 
Them: Hi, chad.  
Me: Good morning, my man.  
Them: Hey, dim.  
Me: I'm all right. Today is my youngest's birthday.  
Them: Oh, amazing. How old are they today?  
Me: He is in the last throes of single digits. Today is nine.  
Them: I could not.  
Me: He will be a double digits man.  
Them: Could not tell you. I vaguely remember being nine, and so I'm going, how's it like to be turning 10? And I could not tell you anything about what it was like to be a nine year old. I can tell you a bit. I've always liked to be like a six year old, I think, and definitely 13 through 18, but it's kind of like a real. My hunches in my head. I was more grown up than I absolutely actually was at all, right?  
Me: Yeah, it's funny. I'm so bad with time dilution with that stuff. I mix up these big slots of time, or I thought I was this age at this period of time, and I realized that I wasn't that. It's so funny when you look back and actually look at the real facts and you're like, oh, yeah. Totally. That's not what I remember at all. This one will probably be memorable, though. Move into a new country is a big one, so I think you'll remember that.  
Them: Yeah, of course. Right. Yeah, yeah. Y. Eah. Exciting.  
Me: He's a. Bless him. I think he's the third kid, Right. So he sort of just goes with it.  
Them: Yeah, yeah. Yeah.  
Me: Younger. He has a little bit more trouble. Expressing his emotions.  
Them: Yeah.  
Me: And so I think he's been struggling the most in a weird way, but not really knowing it and trying to figure out how to deal with that has been interesting.  
Them: Y. Es.  
Me: Poor dude.  
Them: It'll be character building in the long run, no doubt.  
Me: 100%. This is going to be awesome for them in terms of just shaking it up and realizing that the rest of your life is going to be about constant change.  
Them: Yeah.  
Me: Get used to it.  
Them: Absolutely.  
Me: Embrace it or fight it one way or the other, it's going to be painful or reasonable.  
Them: Yeah. For sure.  
Me: All right. Sorry. She just said you're good to go. Yep. We are on. The meeting. Let me see if she needs me to send her stuff. She's a bit of a WhatsApp head, so she probably thinks what's happening on what's Ahead? Going to be joining info. One of my favorite things about the new operating system is the ability to copy in one on my computer and paste on my phone. God, I fucking love.  
Them: That's that. 's a. How is that through? Through Apple.  
Me: Yeah.  
Them: See, I've got a Mac and an Android. So those who do not talk to one another.  
Me: That will throw kink in the system. Boom. There. How are you? Are you all right? Are you good? You ready for the day?  
Them: Finally my day off.  
Me: A little rest and relaxation.  
Them: Yeah. Gonna do Life Admin, you know, go to the gym, do all that kind of stuff.  
Me: Nice.  
Them: Yeah. How about you guys?  
Me: Yeah. Good. We're, like, clinging to the last throws of this week. Can we just get through it, basically, at this point?  
Them: I know it feels like that, to be honest with you.  
Me: Are you guys working through the holidays?  
Them: I'm off over Christmas, actually, but so. Yeah, yeah.  
Me: Sweet.  
Them: Yeah, it's quite nice because Maggie was gonna go home. So. Actually, she's not now. So she's gonna go home to Poland, but she's not now, so we're gonna. We're gonna get to have Christmas at least here, so. Yeah. Yeah.  
Me: Nice hunk of honor. Have Christmas there. Dig it? Very cool.  
Them: Yeah.  
Me: Well, hey, first off, like I said, this is super low key. Chill. I gave you a little bit of a summary, but effectively, we'd done some work with Virgin last year around their Atlantic holidays. By we, I mean the company we started up here called Hidden. It was super fun project, and we were really hoping to kind of move into the next one. And we thought something was going to happen, and it sort of just stalled forever. And then this year, they called up and they said, hey, you remember that thing about hotels? We'd really love to chat with you about that. So they brought us back in, and our mission really is to help them clarify a little bit of the experience on what Virgin Hotels should be. So we did a huge. That huge piece of work for the holidays. They loved it. It sort of spread throughout the organization. And they're like, hey, can you guys come back and do a little bit of similar magic for hotels? So the challenge, I think jump in, Josh, with Virgin Hotels is they're in that really weird spot. They just don't know who the f they are. They're trying to figure out, like, are we super luxury. Are we super with this? So they just don't really know. It's a great building, that people are fantastic.  
Them: Yeah. It's a beautiful building.  
Me: They don't have. Yeah, exactly. They don't have a wealth of technology and they've got the very complex issue, which I'm sure you're familiar with, with a lot of these hotel chains where they're owned by different ownership. So if you go from Edinburgh to London to New York, you will have a vastly different thing based on those three properties because the owners are vastly different.  
Them: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.  
Me: So that's part of what they're wrestling through, is just try to figure out who the frick they are. And so it's our job to kind of go in and help give them a little permission to say, this is. This is where you could be. And so we'll set a little bit. Of a North Star vision on what that possibly what they are, the possible can be. And then hopefully folks will kind of rally behind that and, you know, codify that into some actual culture and they'll have some change and move forward. So that's kind of our remit. And so what we're doing is, you know, all of us are kind of reaching out to anybody in our network that is involved in, you know, tangential stuff like fashion or whatever else. But obviously, folks that are in hospitality and in the travel sector and, I mean, we were. We were nerding about it when. When I was last up in London. So I thought you would be an incredible person to Chad, too. Just for a little bit of time, just to kind of feel, you know, what it's like being in front of House, like you are at the. You were at the pain. Point of where these people come in demand and have expectations and, you know, want a lot of things. And so we're just curious, like, there's no real answers. We just kind of want to hear some stories and unpack a little bit of, like, some patterns you're seeing and the types of individuals you're going through, and we'll just kind of slice it from there. Like I said, super, super chill. This is Josh. Josh, go ahead and introduce yourself.  
Them: Yes. Hey, I'm Josh. Working with Chad on this, getting our heads around. I guess the question for me is. There's a lot of different types of hotel out there. How do you make one feel? Special for the kind of people who want to stay in it. Right. And that, you know, some people want. Some people want a travel lodge. But how do you kind of create a sense of sort of meaning around something? Well, it's funny because, like, obviously now we. Because we just underwent a refurbishment at the Hoxton, so everything is, like, brand new.  
Me: Pause real quick. So Josh. I know, but Josh knows last. Who are you, young lady, and what do you do?  
Them: So I work at the Hawksman. I'm. I just. I'm a supervisor there. Nice. I work in the shortage one. I've been there for about just over, like, three and a half years now. And obviously, I've seen it from how it was, like, just when I first started to how it is now. And I can definitely see how what people kind of are wanting and what people don't want and what we offer people and what they need. Like, I can really see, like, there has been a little bit of a shift. Especially coming because obviously, undergoing our refurbishment, we had, like, a lot of issues. So understanding, like what the guest needs. Like I. So, for example, we're. We're a lifestyle hotel. So we have an open lobby. So people can network, meet other people from. Well, the person sitting next to you could be doing something completely different to what you're doing, but you'll strike up a conversation because you're in that kind of environment where it's kind of open, which is kind of funny because, like, I feel people love it. But then you get some guests that are like, what are all these people doing here? Why are they not. Why are they in the lobby? Why can't I. Why can't. Why isn't there a place for me to sit? Why do I have to kind of fight for my kind of message to be here when I'm. I guess, you know. But sorry.  
Me: That's really interesting. Yeah, I mean, I'm one of.  
Them: It. Is. It is because we're quite a creative. What?  
Me: I go to the Oxford and have meetings there all the time.  
Them: Yeah. Yeah. Because we're quite. Like, there's, like. For example, like, there's a guy. I wish we had a little bit more structure to it, though, because there is a guy who just comes in and he doesn't. He just. He's awful. We all think, like, he's some kind of. Like. He must be somebody. He's not homeless, but, like, he just. He's there all day. And just beats on the phone and just doesn't do anything. He's just so. And just creates issues. But anyways. So. So, yeah, the Hoxton is like a lifestyle hotel and it's, it's a four star. So we don't necessarily, we don't have a gym, but we collaborate with the gym with Jim Box. So we have like, we do like, we do kind of like, we're a bit of a different. Hotel because I'm not sure. The version Hotel. Is it a five star? Because I know they took over from the Mondrian, which was a five star. I'm gonna say it's four star. It's pitched very much at a kind of in its head, at least a kind of Hoxton level. Ah, interesting. Okay. Because that building that they have is really beautiful because they even. They have, like, a pool, they have a. They have a spa. Are they using those facilities, do you know? I think. Yeah. Yeah, they do. They use, the small spa they use. They've got the gym, they've got the rooftop restaurant. But. But I think that the. The challenge with Virgin is I think it's decided it's lifestyle, not luxury, yeah. And, like Hoxton, obviously, have been great at nailing that lifestyle. I think virgins don't quite know. How to do it or how to do it well, or how to kind of do what Hoxton does really well, but make sure it's not just copying the Hoxton, but doing something for Virgin. Yeah, and how many hotels do they have in London? Like, they've only got one in London. Okay, one in and. About eight in America. Oh, yeah. Okay. Yeah. So I guess just to go back to that kind of lobby situation, right? How do you manage that? How do you make it feel like a Both a special place, but also a space open to all? Yeah, I think it also depends on. You know, people say this to us all the time. It's like the hospitality we give people. The people, people at the front desk who won't make a lot of that. The people that are going to be running fmb, you know, like the waiters and who are going to be taking people's orders and stuff, they do make a lot of the people want to come back and stay, and it does have that homey feel. And I think also the Hoxton doesn't try to be something it's not in a sense. It's like we know we're a four star. We know this is what we can give. Like we're not trying to be something we're not like, because if someone tries to say, oh, do you have a concierge? We're like, no, we don't. But obviously we can help you if you need something. You know what I mean? It's like, it's very. It's very low key. It's very chill, but it's also there is. That professionalism to it. But again, I think being honestly, just like, we're not pretending like, we are uniforms that are, like, jumpers. Like it's very like you're trying to be on the same level as the guest. You're not trying to be one up on them. You know, it's very like that. You're on the same level. Interesting. Yeah. So I don't know. Because, yeah, I don't know what kind of other vibe is. I've not been in there, to be honest with you. Since I got bought out.  
Me: Question on the concierge one. I think that's kind of an interesting one to probe. And made this a night. Question is the difference between like a four star and a five star whether or not they do have concierge service or like.  
Them: Yeah, that is part of it. Yeah. Whether we have people to help you with your luggage, people that can create, like, travel plans for you, people that can basically make your whole day create an itinerary for you that we definitely. And if you have, like, a spa and a gym, that also sets you apart, too, for five star and four star. We're also part of the hotels that from. From 2025 that were part of the sustainability that had the impact on, like, travel. So we're part of that now as well. So I don't know if Virgin are included on that too, but we have, like, certain standards that we need to, like, go by so we realize. I think that they realize whoever was managing the Hoxon, like, revenue and all of that kind of situation, they realized that basically a lot of people were more. More booking, like, sustainable hotels.  
Me: Okay?  
Them: As well. So that might be something to look into as well, how they're being green and what they're doing with that. So. Because we have, like, incentives for, like, guests that are taking, like, trains from, like, one Hoxon to the other. So you said that you have, like, a hotel in Scotland, you get, like, 20 pound off your billing if you travel from, like, Scotland by train to London because it's eco friendly and you're staying in the same hotel. So it's kind of showing, like, hey, you're using both of our. You're using both of our hotels. So that, in turn is like giving us. Business so that we're going to give you a little incentive and give you money off of your billing. So we have that, for example, as well when you travel. But we have, like, Brussels, we've got. We've got a bunch of other ones that you can travel to by train.  
Me: Yeah.  
Them: So that's something that we came up with, that they came up with as well. So that you might be worth looking into that. Too.  
Me: So can I come back to the concierge thing? So you're. You're not a concierge, but you guys do. You guys do go out of your way to help if somebody says, hey, I need to know a nice restaurant or I need to know this.  
Them: Definitely, yeah. Y. Eah. Y. Eah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I've made like, a whole spreadsheet, basically, if everyone to use for these kind of things, because I'm, like, the guru of that area. So, yeah, we have, like, a spreadsheet that we use.  
Me: And then so how is that shaped? So I'm interested in that. So how to, like, you just took upon yourself to say, hey, listen.  
Them: Yeah. Y.  
Me: I will kind of curate a little bit of what's popping in the city. And then everybody kind of had to lean in on that.  
Them: Eah. Yeah.  
Me: And then you just share that. Do you guys have WhatsApp groups where, like, everybody in the hotel is kind of, like, talking about different guests and how that happens?  
Them: Yeah.  
Me: And, like, how do you guys manage that stuff? In a way in the back. What's the backstage comms of how this all works?  
Them: So I made an Excel sheet and I just shed it with my team because we have, like, places where we have to upload documents online. Like, it's kind of like icloud, and then we just share it on there, and we just have it open usually as, like, part of, like, a series of tabs. That we have open for what we need to have open daily, basically, and then we can just pull that up and. But yeah, because it's. There's just so much to explore in that area. So it's just hard for a lot of people who don't live in that area especially or go out. In that area, like, whereas I'm kind of always in that area. And surely Chevy worked there for a very long time out there. So. But, yeah, so we either do that and we have groups every day that we create, so whoever's working and then we can. We don't have, like, a WhatsApp. Group or anything. We just create because we've used blink.  
Me: Yeah. But. Sorry, I'm gonna call.  
Them: Which is not the best. We're all. We're all really don't like it, but we use that to create groups every day.  
Me: Thank you. Nice. Ly.  
Them: How much do you kind of say someone goes, oh, where should I go? Out. Tonight for dinner or where can I catch the music or whatever. Do you kind of say, what do you what are you into? Or do you kind of go, well, my personal view. Yeah. How kind of much you tailor that kind of conversation. Yeah. Oh, I definitely like so for me, for example, like, I love speaking to guests, and I love, like, knowing why they're here, what they're doing. Like, I'm very, like, I really love. Genuinely, like, it's. I like to know. Yeah. So I personally do like to curate it more to their taste and what they're after. But you do get a lot of people that do know what they want to do, which is quite good. So, yeah, pretty cool. Yeah. And you know, it's funny because, like, obviously I know that the sometimes even recommend the spa, I guess, because I'm like, they have a nice spa. Because I. I remember going there when it was the Mondrian. I wasn't sure if they changed it or not. That's why I asked. You if they're still using it. Because it was quite a nice vibe. And just below, they even have a really nice cocktail bar called Hidden Grooves. Yeah. Yeah. That I recommend people to go to as well. Yeah, it's really nice. Gives that kind of, like, old timey feel. Super quaint. But yeah. Yeah. Hidden grooves. I think is is one of the best things about the current version hotel. In terms of the Hoxton. What do people generally say? Is the kind of the best thing about it or the most unexpected thing about it? I guess. One thing. Looking for it? Kind of. How do you make guests smile in a way they might not be expecting to? I'd love to know how you guys do that. Yeah, I guess. Atmosphere. The energy. When you walk into a place, I guess you.  
Me: That's the chair.  
Them: Can already feel it if it's buzzing or not. You know, because obviously, behind the scenes, there are things that definitely could be done a lot better, you know, and it's just kind of sometimes, like, not even showing that, you know, you can be quiet.  
Me: Okay?  
Them: Yeah. I mean, it has its challenges, but I think we're quite. The people that I work with were quite, like, warm and welcoming. So I guess it's. It's kind of. Honestly, it's just. It's. It's the people and, and the vibe. Like. Like I said, we just underwent a. Refurbishment as well. And everything right now in the lobby, it's, like very warm colors. It's like. It's like deep reds, you know, deep greens, deep pinks. It's like. It's very, like, warming. I think that also makes a big difference. I don't know. I've not been. Into the virgins. I don't know what the coloring scheme is right now or what it looks like. You can maybe imagine colors.  
Me: Thanks a lot. Appreciate opening.  
Them: But it's, it's, it's quite obviously there's a virgin brand there. Yeah. Definitely plays a role, but. And they're quite like, Aren't they, like, super? Because they're. I know, they're travel agent. They're. Sorry, they're, they're playing like they're. Super, like, fun and funky and, like, hip and they. So I guess it's maybe just their hotels that are struggling a little bit to find what they're. Yeah, I think that's it. Right. Brand. But there's also loads of Virgin brands. Right. Which makes. But I think what if we could give. The hotels a little bit of that airline magic. That wouldn't be a bad. Yeah, because they were even one of the first hotel groups to, like, be like, hey, you know, we having, like, queer and LGBTQ plus people? Like, I feel like they could so do something with that campaign as well. Like, you know what I. Mean, like it's so important.  
Me: That's. That's. That's still a huge. Still hard. You can try it for them. Yeah.  
Them: Yeah. And especially in shortage. In shortage. Like, that's such a. And, you know, again, people only think that a specific type of person maybe give a specific type of service. And it's like, these are really outdated ways of thinking. And it's like I have tattoos on my face, you know? You know, and it's just like. But I'm like, the sweetest person ever. Like, you would. You know what I mean? It's like these stigmas, and it's just like, I really feel like maybe they need to lean into that a little bit more as well, like getting some edgier people into the shortage. Location, you know, like, you know, seeing, like, how they can expand on, like, that kind of that a little bit. Like, because there's so many different types of people that I work with, like, you know, I think that's also interesting as well.  
Me: So I kind of want to get back to the people you work with and the way you manage. So, like the rare change of people coming in. If they're good people come in for a particular event or time, and you guys are switching in and out of the hotel. Like, how do you keep the narrative the same when, you know, Sally comes down and asks, asks about X and Y and Z? I'm curious again, like, that backstage process of how you and your team are sort of keeping. Keeping that host vibe where these people feel like they're cared for and they're handed over correctly. Like what? What are some of the things you've kind of done to triage that and manage that and understand? You know, I know that this person really loves this particular thing. And then flum and kind of go like you were telling me how you kind of have your bonus about how you can help with some of those things. So one of the borderline tips and tricks to make that feel like it's supernatural, but somewhere you guys are like, there's a repeatable process, right?  
Them: Well. I mean, like, you know, you need to think about, like, what is, like, go above and beyond, but in a different way. So it's like, I remember once this guest literally said something. I was like, oh. Because the housekeeping is upon request in the hotel, it's part of our sustainability, so you always have to. Let the guests know that they need to request it. And this guy, I remember once I asked him as he was coming down, he was like, oh. I was like, would you like housekeeping? You know? He was like, but I would like £1,000. And I was like, oh, okay. So me and my. My manager at the time and another one of my colleagues, we were like, should we print our faces on money and put it in his room? So we literally printed a bag of money, like, fake money. It took us, like, a few hours. Like, if we printed a whole bag of money and we put it in his room and it was like it had all of our faces all over it, you know? And, like, he came down and he was just like. He was like. I've literally never had this experience happen in a hotel. He was just like, what the hell have you even done? Like, it was just. It was so funny. And, like, he left, like, a great review because obviously he was like, this is like, the kind of service he was like, I did not expect. Anything to come from that comment, but they just literally took it and ran with it. So it's like we do things like this. It's like if someone says that they. They've had, like a bad day or, you know, they need, they. They really like this. And like, let's say we have it. Like, we'll, like the other day, oh, prime example, this guy, he was staying. In our hotel for a few days with his friend, and he left his protein shaker in the. In the. In the bathroom. And the other day he was like, you know, I think housekeeping threw it away. And I was like, shit. And I was like, do you want, like, one of our Hoxton water bottles? I can. Give it to you. And I was like, no. It was like a protein shake. It was like, it won't fit to shake my protein. And I was like, okay. So I was like, I'm gonna go buy him one. So we went to all and we just bought him one, and he was just like. It was like, what the hell? He was like, I never expected you guys to just go and buy me. Like, we don't have a concierge, like I said. But you go above and beyond because you know that these things are. Going to be memorable, you know, so. And yesterday he came up to the desk, he was like, I want to write reviews. He was like, can I write. Can I get all my friends to write a review for you? Because we get incentives as well. If you write reviews, we get £50 per name mention. So that's. A really great incentive, too. Also makes you want to maybe do a little bit more than you normally would and be like, hey, would you like to leave us a review and you can mention our names? So it's like these little things, I think, really, you know, again, they're not like regular things like, oh, we're just going to leave you, like, you know, a swan shaped towel in your bathroom. Like, we want you to know that we're actually listening to what you're saying. We actually can. We want to solve it. You know, because we know that now you're going to come back and you're going to bring more people here, and that's just going to create more business, you know, and also, we generally were so sorry that, that they threw away your, your protein shakers, you know what I mean? And it's like, it's a drop of. It's a drop of water in the big ocean at the end of the day. Like, do you know what I mean?  
Me: Yeah, we sort of talked about, like, empowering your staff to be able to do that. And. And this notion of, like, maybe there's some cap that you could just basically, like, if it. If it costs less than 200 bucks to fix a problem, just fix it. Don't ask and go.  
Them: So. Yeah, just take some petty cash that's literally not going to break the bank and you're going to make someone's day and they're going to remember that and they're going to come back and they will probably tell people about it because word of mouth is so important.  
Me: So how do you enable your team to do that? How do you enable your team to do that, though? Because sometimes they're like, I don't know, I'll get in trouble. I can't. I don't know if I could do this. I need to ask Angelica. Like, how do you enable them to go? I don't have to ask Angela. I can just go and do the thing.  
Them: Yeah. So we always tell people, if you have an idea. Bring it to us. Don't be shy. If we say no, there's probably a bigger reason behind it, and it's not going to be us. The reason we're saying no, it's going to be something. Is going to be a bigger reason, but majority of the time, that's never the case. We usually always say yes if someone wants to do something like that.  
Me: And so when you're off, are you. What's that? Blow it up. Now, about a guest in the hotel. Like, will somebody hit you and go, hey, Angela, I just need to know about this and this.  
Them: Not really, because we usually have, like, places where we leave, like, notes from the day before.  
Me: Okay?  
Them: That we always look at, or if. If I'm off and someone doesn't need to message me, they can message me. It's my problem. I'm in a bunch of. Because basically we've got, like, different groups for, like, different things, like maintenance, for. For reservations, for food and beverage. Like, we've got, like, loads of different groups, but then every day we create daily ones for whoever's working. So I'm not going to be in those groups today, but if someone did want to.  
Me: So. Wait, wait, wait, wait. This is interesting. I don't know about you, Josh, but I find this fascinating. So you're creating new daily groups every day that you can delete and create a new one in the next one.  
Them: Yeah. Y. Eah. Y.  
Me: That's good.  
Them: Eah. Yeah.  
Me: So who's responsible to do all that management? Like, who's like on the create the daily group thing?  
Them: It's not one place where you. Yeah.  
Me: Okay, so whoever lead comes in.  
Them: Whoever's in on the day. So the person that starts in the morning.  
Me: Fires up a group. This is my team. This is my squad. Go. And then you mounted a long running. Sorry, I'll shut up.  
Them: Yeah. Also. No, no, it's fine. Because also, what will happen is on most reservations, there's probably going to be notes. So we need to make sure that we're prioritizing, let's say, because we have this thing. I don't know if you know, Josh, actually, I don't know if you even know, Chad, that we have Flexi check in and Flexi check out with the hox. And if you book directly through our website, which is like a different other perk, So, people, let's say we'll have like a flexi. Check in for a cozy double, let's say at like 8aM which if we're fully booked the night before, we're screwed. So it's fox. But then if they don't arrive at that time, then they just. Kind of put it just to hopefully just to hope that their room will be ready. Let's say they're going to really be arriving at 10, then it's good for us. So we'll have to put all of these notes in the daily groups. You see, that's why we create daily ones. So then it's not confusing. Yeah, but then you're not going to have all of the information from, like, the previous days about something that you. You don't need to know right now. That's why we create the daily ones. Because we have, like, Yesterday we had 101 arrivals. Like, it was a lot of people arriving. Yeah. And then the other day, we had 130 departures, 138 arrivals, because now we're fully. All the. The refurbishments done now. So all. Everything's open, you know, all of the floors are reopened again. So we have, like, we're back to, like, our regular, like, West West.  
Me: Right. So you have 100 people shifting in and out on a daily basis, roughly.  
Them: Yeah. Wow. Yeah. I mean, I would say. I would say not day. I would say, like, between 80 and 100 is our regular. Like. Yeah. Standard check in checkout. When you have a day where it was like 60, you're like, oh, thank God. And it's still a lot of people.  
Me: Wow. Okay.  
Them: There's really only like three, like two, three people on reception, essentially, if you think about it, and then a manager. So still quite a lot of people. When you're doing the emails, the phones, you've got the WhatsApp service, you've got just regular people coming in through the doors. You've got the apartment meetings as well that we've got. So there's so many different angles that you're giving information or you're trying to, like, answer and answer, something like that. It can be a lot sometimes, and especially because it's.  
Me: So how many downstairs in front of, like. What's that team, crew? You have, like, five, six? How many people are on the floor? Three. Three folks. So you got three folks that are kind of on point.  
Them: No, like, yeah, yeah, three people.  
Me: So 3.3 folks and a manager.  
Them: Three people and a manager. And a manager.  
Me: And then you're on point, basically, for 80 folks coming in and out, 800 folks asking you stuff.  
Them: Yeah. Yep. Yep. And then you've got emails, the phones, just regular people coming in through the doors. Apartment meetings. Because we've got a space called the apartments, which is where you can hire out meeting rooms. So each individual room is like. You got the living room, library, dining room, and they can all be hired out. So you also get people from there coming because they're usually groups, so, yeah.  
Me: And so on the reservation notes. How specifically these get like, Chad's vegetarian. He loves long dogs on the beach and. Okay.  
Them: It's a lot. Yeah, yeah. They can be very like that, or it can be, like, hyperallogenic bedding. Guest needs, like, an iron in the room before they arrive. Guest needs an extra pillow or could be, like, really random things. Or they like chocolate, or they want this as their. Or their VIP celebrating a birthday, and they want this specific thing. But because also a sustainable hotel, we can't do specific things like balloons and confetti and stuff like that because it's not reusable and, yeah, stuff like that. You mentioned Angelica shifts, right? Things changed. And, you know, whether it's guest needs or what. What kind of specialty? I'd love to hear a bit about. What? The changes you're seeing in terms of guests, in terms of expectations. Yeah. I feel like people are looking for, like, less of things and more of, like, like guests, like, communicate, communication and, like, guest experience, like, rather well, that what the amenities that the room has. It's more about how, like, we're going to approach a situation. And how we're going to deal with that. Because we don't have that many amenities in the room. We have tea, coffee, milk and water. We don't have really much, but from. From when I first started to now, it was a lot more. I feel, like, materialistic when I first started, and now I can see it's a lot more like. Oh, well, we want to know what the environment is going to be in the hotel, how we're going to be treated and all of that kind of thing. How is the the manager or the person shift going to solve this issue for me? You know, because we get a mixture of people because we have you've got Amazon, you've got Adobe, you've got. There's so many big companies that work in Shoreditch and Old Street. And then. But then it's such a. So many people come for leisure, you know, so many people come just for business and then add on leisure to the. To their like. It's such a variety of people. I think that's pretty interesting. I guess from a version perspective, there's always a temptation to go, what three things can we give people? Yeah, yeah, yeah. Think from what you're saying. The best need and give them is someone who talks to them and knows who they are, yeah. Exactly. Exactly that. And obviously you can give free things if you want, like, but I think when it's, like, not given that, often, it's more special, right? So because we give. We give. Like, we have, like, amenities that we can give people, obviously, like, if someone if I'm checking in someone and they're like, oh, it's my birthday, and they haven't said or anything on their reservation, I'm just going to go out the back and I'M going to grab something and I'm going to give them something, you know, because they haven't even made a big deal about it. But I'm good. I have the opportunity, and I'm allowed, right, Chad, to do that. So you don't have to feel, and you just put it on the comp account and then you just kind of like. Yeah, you just adjust it there. We have this thing where we can put whatever we want to give people on there. It's like a call, the comp account, basically.  
Me: How much do they send on the comp account on a daily.  
Them: I mean.  
Me: Like, I suspect it's totally variable, like sometimes nothing, and then sometimes you do a big spend.  
Them: Yeah. Exactly. Sometimes there's nothing. Sometimes it's 20 pounds, sometimes it's 40 pounds. Like, it's, it's, it's really. Sometimes it's 100. Depending, you know, but it's not really ever massive, but, yeah. Because you try to, obviously, give it what you can, but be minimal as well. You're not going to give them, like, the most expensive bottle of wine you've got, you know, because we, we sell, like, Like. Like hip thing, you know what I mean? It's like they're. They're really nice wines, but they're. They cost like, what, 18 pounds? Like, they're not like, 40 quid. Like, I also wouldn't go to FMB and be like, hey, can you give me something? Because we're. Separate in that sense, right? It would be from our stock, from the hotel.  
Me: Josh, I got kind of an interesting idea. You know, the Sam sent that. That deck, and then he summarized it until, like, a list of, like, 10 takeaways. I wonder. I probably should have sent this to you before. I wonder if you, like, if you read through it and call bullshit on him or. Like, man, like it be kind of. It'd be kind of fascinating to kind of just get your thought on, like, the conceptual pitch of what you know. All right, I'm. Going to send you on WhatsApp, and then we can, like, again go through it and go, oh, no, that resonates. Or, no, that's the fucking mother horseshit.  
Them: Yeah, you can send it to me. Yeah. Yeah.  
Me: Let me know. You got it. So the first one actually feels kind of what you're saying, like, the shift from, like, things to actually having some experience and how I want to partner with you and have moments and do some stuff.  
Them: I'm just reading it. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.  
Me: That kind of resonates. Right.  
Them: Yeah, yeah.  
Me: And then.  
Them: Yeah. I see that for sure. Yeah, I agree with what they said in the. In the beginning.  
Me: The passion is the new luxury. I think that kind of true. Like showing people that actually give a shit about something and, and actually have a little bit of quirk and showing some imperfect humans and why that's meaningful, it kind of makes sense.  
Them: Yep, yep. Yep. Also, people really appreciate when, you know, like, the area. Like, I've noticed that a lot because a lot of people, if I'm on shift, like, people just play on Telecan. I'm like, guys, I've made even I We have an iPad that we use at the front desk that I'VE marked every place that I put on the spreadsheet. I've marked it on the iPad. So if someone says to you. Yes, if someone's. And I put it in, like, folders so you can. It's under like, restaurants or like hairdressing, you know, salons, like nail places, like, they're. All the under there. So if someone wants something specific, you can just go there and you can just click on it and it's there.  
Me: On the map.  
Them: So I feel like they really, like, appreciate when you know what you're talking about.  
Me: And so when you get a new. You get a new person on staff and they come in.  
Them: As well.  
Me: Like, how do you. How do you summarize? All right, the iPad's got this. They're doing WhatsApp. Chad has this. Like, if you could just, like, do a little pot of history, like, how somebody would orient themselves on how I deal with the backstage comms. Like, how do you. How do you. Navigate that.  
Them: Yeah, we've got, like, a checklist that we usually do that we go through, to be honest with you. But I'm actually kind of going through. We're kind of going through a lot of restructuring right now, so we're actually going to be changing it.  
Me: Okay?  
Them: Because I don't think it's really working. So I had a conversation yesterday with the managers and we're going to look at changing it because there isn't. It's not really the kind of just kind of get thrown into it and which you kind of need sometimes, but it also depends on how you learn. That's really important because everyone learns. Differently. So I think it's tailoring it as well to, like, individual needs.  
Me: Yeah.  
Them: Is really important as well. So, like I said, it's changing. I can get back to you on that. But. But we do, we do have like a checklist that we kind of go through weekly. And it's like a four week checklist, essentially, but you're not put with someone enough for enough time that it kind of works. Like it just needs to be redone.  
Me: Okay? Like, radically redone. Like, you're going to approach a different way, or you're just going to rejigger the checklist.  
Them: So we're going to be changing that. Yeah, we're going to redo it because I really feel like they need to. There needs to be a little bit more understanding on, like, the basic use of the system, the. The hotel system that we use.  
Me: Okay?  
Them: Because we. When I first started there, we used a different system. Now we're on a different one. Yeah, I just. It just needs to be re. Re done a bit. But like I said, we're getting a new front of house manager, a new assistant front office manager. One of our managers just quit, so she's leaving in January, so there's a lot of movement. And we just got a new director of. Rooms as well. So literally everyone has new maintenance manager. New maintenance manager, yeah. Like, everyone is changing. So there's going to be different. 2026 is also going to look a little bit different for us. So we can definitely touch base again if you want in, in a couple of months and see how we're. Going to be going from there because again, December and January is also an interesting month to. To shift things because it's a little busy, but then also a little quiet, like it's. It's an interesting time anyways.  
Me: Everybody's new. Cool.  
Them: But I will get back to you.  
Me: The next one that flows, one that one kind of vibes as well.  
Them: On that. Continue.  
Me: Like, you know.  
Them: Yeah, that's where I'm at right now. Yeah.  
Me: Understanding, like, the real stories and something that feels tangible and meaningful. And then the invitations, like, you just did this. Waiting for these cues of like, I want 1,000 bucks and bring a bunch of money. Like, that's essentially an invitation to participate. And becoming.  
Them: I was just like, don't forget to be playful. Like, I think people think in hospitality, you need to be super structured and rigid and you can't, like, laugh and you can't just be yourself with a guest. But it's like, people don't want you to just be a robot that's not what people are looking for. Like people don't want. If they want the self service second, they could have gone to Citizen M. You know what I mean? That's not what they're looking for. Like be yourself. Bring a little bit of that flavor. Like it's so important.  
Me: Totally. The next two seem pretty amplitude and being an actor president, which is what you're talking about. Friction as a teacher. Like, hey, we're all a little bit flawed with steps and fun.  
Them: Yeah. Yeah, yeah. Yep.  
Me: With it. Are you guys using AI at all? Are you guys kind of playing?  
Them: Yeah. We do, but I hate it. It's just for our WhatsApp service, and as soon as I'm. I'm on the. The WhatsApp, I literally close it because I just can't do. And we also haven't trained it properly, so it says some random information to the guests and. I just. I just don't understand what. What they're doing with it, so. Yeah, but we shouldn't. It sucks.  
Me: Fair. Fair.  
Them: Yeah. Do they use? AI do you know?  
Me: In one of their other franchises, voyages. They do when they use it successfully. So everybody has a. Everybody has a. You get free WI Fi if you're on the ship, which is super unusual staff. And you also get a full subscription to Chad gbt. And so they. They use it in that way to actually come up with thoughtful sorts of ways to have it augment what they're trying to do and automate a few things, so which is smart.  
Them: Okay? We don't use it for anything like that. We just more use it for, like our WhatsApp service that we have between the guests if they want to, like, request things or ask us something. We don't use AI for anything else. Yeah.  
Me: Yeah. Yeah, I mean, that's. That will be part of our recommendations and with the, with the most appropriate and sort of low key way to allow them to do and get the most out of that will probably be refactoring what we're coming up with.  
Them: Yeah. Yeah.  
Me: And then this. The next one is hospital is ecological stewardship. It's exactly what you're saying. That's why you guys are kind of on the green stuff, which I joked about. Any hotel. It's a bit of great washing and bullshit anyways, but sounds good on the marketing.  
Them: Y. Eah. Yeah, yeah. Exactly. Yeah. 100. Like, I. I'm still. I still get mad sometimes. I'm like, guys, this bins has recycling and it's a black bag. Right. This doesn't make sense. But also with these things, I think that they basically, they tell you when they're arriving. So it's not like it's a sudden visit. So you don't. So you're not prepared, that you're already prepared because. Do you know what I mean? It's not. It's not. Like a surprise visit, so. You can be prepared for that day and have everything green and then just remove everything the next day if you really wanted to. That's. Yeah.  
Me: Yeah. I mean, the next week, I think. Yeah. I don't know if you disagree with the next three either. So kind of designing that elastic invitation, it's a nice way to phrase it, but basically how these faces can change and shape to whatever experiences need to be there for those people at that particular point in time. I think that kind of makes sense. Thresholds and the Transformation True hospitality is about designing conditions for becoming. I think they do. Josh, you were in the space, right?  
Them: Do they have meeting spaces in that resident hotel? They do, yeah. The shortage one. Are they like, very like. Like individual rooms? I think that. I think they're more like sort of pre booked spaces. Right. So they're not like.  
Me: Apartments.  
Them: Yeah, because we have, like, the apartments. Like, you can come out of the rooms and there's, like, a pantry, there's like a living room. You can. There's a kitchen so you can make tea, coffee. We've got croissants, we've got snacks. People that are using those meeting rooms. Can come and mingle with other people and use, you know, have snacks and tea, coffees, like, unlimited. So that's why I was just wondering, because it says, like, modular lobbies, shared kitchens, all of that kind of stuff. So I was just curious how much mingling happened between guests. Is there a thing? Yeah, it happens. It's kind of fun to see, actually. You get to, like, know people that come there every day, and you're just like, oh, hey, like, you know, that's quite nice. Obviously, you get some that don't mingle at all, but, yeah, it is quite nice. There's that vibe in the Hoxton, though. Like, literally everyone just chats that. Everyone. It's kind of like. It's like that space. Yeah.  
Me: Yeah. Agreed. Josh, I like that you're sort of. Josh has been kind of nudging around this idea of, like, when you do enter into a hotel, it sort of frees you up into this kind of I don't have to be like my normal life sort of space.  
Them: Yeah.  
Me: So you start doing things that are sort of out of your character in a way.  
Them: Yeah, so true.  
Me: So I'd love to hear your thoughts on what folks are getting up to in hotels and how do you kind of lead into that and make that more joyful or more fun or what maybe to avoid, because if it goes too far, it kind of makes it not fun.  
Them: Yeah, because like I said, we've got that one guy who just comes in, creates issues, like brings food from outside. He. I don't. Like I said, I don't know if he's homeless, but he comes in with new clothes every day. But he looks like he's homeless because he's. Always there. And he just talks loud on his phone. Has it on loudspeaker. He's so rude to everyone. He's. He's. He's. Like he looks like he's, like, a pimp or a drug deal. Er, but, like, we literally, like, who is this guy? And, like, we can't. He won't leave, like, and we've told him to get out, but he's just violent, like, when you say something to him. So there are these issues that we. We have and we don't have security during the. Day, so. And, you know, he's not necessarily creating an issue, like, so you can't really, like, do anything, like. Yeah. So it's. It's a really gray area, to be honest with you. But then you get, like, a lot of people who are students and they work from the lobby, or you can. Get people that are in the hotel that are working remotely, like, that day, you know, they're guests and they're just hanging out at the hotel for the day. We get. We get so many different types. It's like, honestly, like, so many different types of people. Like, it's crazy. In the sense of it working. So the way that they redid the lobby is better because now there's more of, like, a structure where people with laptops can sit and where they can't sit. Whereas before, they were kind of just taking over everywhere, and it was a bit too invasive, I think, and it wasn't any. It didn't. Really feel like a lifestyle hotel. It just felt like a wework.  
Me: Interesting.  
Them: And it was. It was too much like, it just. So now there's, like, specific spots where people can sit, and it's just a lot nicer now. So. Now. I forgot your question. What was your question?  
Me: Josh.  
Them: Yeah, it's kind of just, you know. What behaviors do you see guests having that you, you feel that they wouldn't usually have if they're not in a hotel? Right. What kind of how do people change when they arrive at the Ox? They kind of just use the space as like, like some we get because it's a free space. Right. You don't have to buy anything. You don't have to even. Yeah, you don't have to buy anything even. So you can just sit there. We go all the time, people complaining, oh, the wise prize is not working. Oh, there's nowhere to sit. And. And it's just like, yeah, it's. A free space.  
Me: Yeah.  
Them: Yeah. Find a fucking space. If you don't, then go. Like, I literally say this all the time. Like, someone that she said to me, oh, but there's nowhere to stand. I might get free space. Like, people. You need to. You need to be on it. Like, I don't mean to be rude, but I. Also get this ass so many times a day. Just sometimes, like, just. I'm like, sorry if you get the brunt of me, but if you're a guest, do you. I mean, if they're paying. Stay in the hotel if they're a guest, and I'll go to try find a space. For them. Or I will offer them a meeting room. If we have a spare meeting room, I will. I will treat them definitely with a little bit more of respect and try to accommodate them a little bit more than just someone that's coming from outside, who's buying food from outside and is just using the space, maybe putting their feet up on the. On the. Like, the other day I had to toss someone off because they put their feet up. Feet up on the chair. And then she was like, it's a store. And I was like, yeah, it's a store for someone to sit on, not for you to put your feet on. And. Give me the dirtiest look. And I was like, these are new stores as well. Do you know how much they cost? Like £400. Like, get your feet off them. Sorry.  
Me: You just got to love people. The ability for people to think they have ownership and stuff. Like, you're walking in off the street, you're not paying for the hotel. And you start throwing your feet up on a fucking stool, like, what is wrong with people?  
Them: Yeah. Y. Eah. The audacity. Yeah. People saying that they have. Yeah. People think that they're someone because they're in a specific space, like you said.  
Me: So funny.  
Them: And it's just like, obviously people don't know that you're not a guest. So you technically could be staying here. So you probably have this, like. What's the word? Sentiment. Yeah, thank you. That's. That's exactly. Entitlement. Thank you. Yeah, exactly. Yeah. So yeah.  
Me: So another thing we're playing with a lot is the spectrum of the hotel is being an island where people come and get out of stuff and sort of just exist in the hotel and sort of step out of the real world or whatever things they're doing. Or the inverse of that is the hotel as a gateway to the community. It feels much more like Hoxgen. Very much the latter on that. You guys are there to support and be split into the people, but you also want them to go and enjoy the greatness that is Shortage, right?  
Them: Let's see the rest. Yeah. Yeah. Y.  
Me: Do you guys talk about that internally, of what that means and those kind of differences and what people are on the quest for and what people are sort of feeling? And what were your thoughts on how people relate to that spectrum?  
Them: Es. If this conversations are being. Yeah, if those conversations are being had, I've not been a part of them. I, I did, however, just apply for the, the manager position that just got opened up. So I'll be, if I, if I do get it, then I'll probably be, get a little bit more insight on that. But I, like I said to you, there's a lot of restructuring right now because we do have some managers that I, I hate to say that, but they, they're not really feeling the vibe, so they, they're going to be leaving at some point, too. So, like, I think I'm just waiting. Also, I think we're all just kind of waiting for the shift to happen.  
Me: Yeah.  
Them: So we can get some more people that actually kind of care. Because at the moment, we have a couple managers who just come there for the job, and it's not really like, they don't. There's no vibe, like, it's just negative or it's so. I. Yeah. I haven't been involved in those conversations if they have.  
Me: But in just your encounters with people, what's your feeling when people are coming and staying?  
Them: Been had, but. Yeah. They're excited. Like, they're happy to be here. Like, it's. It's a new experience majority of the time.  
Me: Do they want to be in this private little island where they're away from stuff, or they want to be plugged into the deeper community and understand what's going on in shortage? Yeah.  
Them: Yeah. The lottery. Yeah. Yeah. Because, you know, we always joke sometimes. Really? They're like, oh, can I get a view? I'm like, yeah. Deceive you for sure. Like, we, you know, we always joke, like, because people know that when they're going to come to Shoreditch, so obviously. There to explore. Right. We, we know that the leisure stays, the people that are coming for, like, leisure and for holidays, we know that they're here to explore, like.  
Me: So. What collaborations are you guys doing in the community with artists and small businesses and how you guys engaging with the rest?  
Them: You can get a feel of that for sure. Yeah. Yeah. Well, we did the collaboration. Like, I was close, especially me, because I'm very much like, oh, hey, let me go into your store and see what you have to offer. So we do a collaboration at the moment with Sauna Plunge around the corner, 20% off for our guests, 20% off for us. We did a collaboration with Massage, because I knew the woman who opened Massage. We no longer doing it, but we did it for, like, two years. And then we also, we collaborate with, like, some coffee shops. They give us, like, 20% off as well for our guests. We collaborate with a couple restaurants where we give, like, cards to the guests and. They give like they can go there and they can get discount as well. So we. We kind of just send emails out. To, like, some. Some places, and we're like, hey, do you want to collaborate? You know, I did a collaboration randomly with Nightjar because I gave them, like, I basically booked them in at a discounted rate, and then they came and they. They. They were like, you and your team can come and have drinks. They even. Made me, like, a cocktail that I took home with me, like, in a bottle, like, so you. You just have to, like, honestly, just go and pitch the people, like, hey, do you want to collaborate? And we can give you 20% off, or you can get. You can get, like, a free state, whatever it is, like, 30%. Off 50%, you know, and then, yeah, we just kind of. Just throw yourself out there, essentially, and see what. What there is.  
Me: Yeah.  
Them: Yeah. We also collaborate with Jim Box at the moment, where we've been collaborating with them for a while because we don't have a gym, Right. So that gives the. The guest access to a gym. So it discounts we do we. They discount the pass for us for £15 for the day.  
Me: Y. Ep.  
Them: Versus 30. And that gives the, the guest access to the, the sauna and the gym. So that's also another thing that they can have.  
Me: You guys do anything with artists or anything?  
Them: And majority of Hobson. Yeah. So we have, like, a Hawks Gallery just, like, on. On one side. It's like a full. It's like a long hallway, just as you're kind of going, like, coming up from the back entrance. And it's different local artists. That we showcase up there at the moment. We have this guy called Times New Roadman. Yeah. And he does, like, a bunch of really cool, really funky, like, just paintings. So we have him up there right now, but it's going to be changing. In January because we've had him there for, like, Six months now. More, maybe more. So, yeah, we do, like, local artists and stuff like that. We do collaborate with them and then we also do, like, different nights. So we do, like. We did a collaboration the other day with Casamigos, for example, the tequila. And then we did. We do like. We bring like, local djs and they come and DJ Thursdays and Fridays, so they're always different. We do. Yeah, we do. Like, loads of different kind of collaborations, but they all try to be, like, local.  
Me: Yeah.  
Them: Even the stuff that we stock in the hotel, it's, like, local. Yeah. So, like, we do, like, Karma Kola and stuff like that. Or like, they're, like, unique. They're not, like, your classic brands that you're going to find. Do you know what I mean? Like, there's. Yeah.  
Me: Y. Eah. Y. Eah.  
Them: Yeah, we do a lot of, like, collaborations with, like, hip hipster brands as well. So, yeah, it's like. Like, we've even got, like, caps for, like, the Hoxons, you know what I mean? We've got tote bags, like. Yeah.  
Me: Y. Eah.  
Them: Yeah, yeah. Cool.  
Me: Josh. Any other questions?  
Them: Yep. Only question for me. What's the best bit of guest feedback you've ever either had yourself or you've seen a colleague get right, that's been like, wow, didn't see that coming. Or what's. What's caused someone to have an amazing experience and really shout about it? Oh, gosh. I mean, there's been so many. Honestly, there's been so many. What's the. What's the weirdest one, then? What's the one that sticks? Weirdest one. Oh, by the way, Chad, remember that woman that I told you about, that. Wrote the review and came back after. She bought me some chocolates for my birthday last week. But from France. And then Pierre Herman her. They're like really fancy friends. Chocolates.  
Me: That is amazing.  
Them: I know. And she left me like a cute little birthday card as well. With it, it was like she just keeps she's so speech. She even left another review.  
Me: That's awesome.  
Them: Like, yeah, she was just someone who had a really big complaint on her first day. She was starting a new job. She ended up staying in an interconnecting room, for example. And then I. And then the water in her room wasn't working. She went to have breakfast, and they'd forgot, like, a part of her order. Like it was just a hot mess and she was starting a new job. Like, the next day. I moved her rooms. I, you know, put her a little, like a bottle. Of wine and a card in the room. And then just. Just to make her, like. Anyways. And then in the end, she ended up coming back, and she just. She left, like, an amazing review about me. And it's about the way that I handled it, because she was even crying at some point, you know, she came. To me crying at the desk. She was so frustrated. She was really nervous to start her job. And then everything had just gone wrong, you know? So it was just like. It was just, like, overwhelming and a lot. And then the people next door to her, like, kept her up all night. She was in an interconnecting. Room and she could hear a lot of it. It was just. Yeah. And then she keeps coming back now, and I could just said she bought me chocolates last week for my birthday. Like, so that was like a really, like, that was like, such a turnaround, you know, because she.  
Me: Yeah. It could have been such a nightmare. Like, could have been the biggest negative review and you could do. And you flip over the thing around.  
Them: Such a nightmare.  
Me: Right now. A dedicated customer. Yeah.  
Them: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. She keeps coming back, even. Yeah. So that's one thing I want just to go off of that now, because it was just funny because she brought me chocolates last week, and Chad already knew about it because we'd spoken about it when you. When you came, just, like, a few weeks ago. Cool. So, yeah, I guess there's that. That happened recently. Like, kind of recently. Ish. But yeah. I think we've covered loads. Right. That's everything for me. I think that was on my little mental checklist of things.  
Me: One last thing for me. With new staff or people you're trying to coach to have similar sort of engagements to that. What do you find them most nervous or most inhibited by? To be able to kind of go outside of that comfort zone and be that. Be that sort of experience for them. What's holding them back?  
Them: Yeah. Yeah, it's a good question, because obviously not everyone's going to be, like, you know, like, me, maybe, like, bubbly and super open to talk to people and confident. And we do have, like, a variation of people on the team. Like, we do not have, like, I would say, like, I'm me and, like. Another. Another girl, Rihanna. Like, we're, like, the loudest and most bubbliest, I would say. And we're both supervisors, actually. It was just quite funny. I would say a lot of other people are a little bit like, Kind of on engaging there. There is that kind of like, how much do I engage? And I think it actually just depends on the person's personality as well and how much they're willing to engage and how much that they actually want to give. Because we do have a couple people on the team that don't really engage with people, which is a bit challenging.  
Me: Yeah. Totally.  
Them: But again, they do engage sometimes. So I think it also, again, depends on the mood that they come in on the day. So sometimes if you're like, hey, you know what? If you need to take five, take five. And I'm going to take the guest from now on for this period of time, so you can go research yourself, shake it off, do whatever you need to do, and then just come back and just, like, kind of approach it a bit differently. This is also another thing that I want to talk about with the new manager. With the managers. We, we touched on it yesterday, actually, which is funny. You mentioned it. That's why I was like, good question. Because, yeah, we do find that there are some people that don't engage as much. Yeah. When the guest is looking for something more, you know, and sometimes I would just step in if I'm there.  
Me: Yeah.  
Them: You know, or if they're. If they don't know, they will ask me to step in.  
Me: Have they. Have they come to you later and said, well, I'm just nervous if I say this, that they'll think it'd be funny or, like, is there. Is there something that's holding the back that they otherwise would do it? I mean, there's definitely some personality traits where people just like, you that aren't you. But there might be some people who want to do that, but they just don't know how, you know what I mean?  
Them: Which is something. Yeah.  
Me: Do you know if there's some. Has that been a conversation or attention, Somebody come up to you? Like, how do you do? How do you know when to jump in?  
Them: Yeah, I get. Yeah. Yeah, the. The girl that just. The girl that just kind of started. Morgan, she's, like, younger. She's a little bit more quiet. She always, like, whenever I'm talking to the guest, I wait. I could feel her staring at me.  
Me: That's awesome.  
Them: Just staring at me like this, like, because I'm just so, like. And like I said, I'm very much myself, so sometimes I might say something about, you know, that's just like. Whereas I think, yeah, she is a little bit more reserved and introverted in that sense, but she's always just like. I just always love how you just like to say, I'm like, just be yourself, Morgan. Like, you don't. You're not going to be me, but you're going to just be yourself. And that's going to come across just as good as me being myself and you being yourself, you know?  
Me: Yeah.  
Them: Yeah. Yeah, it's challenging.  
Me: We're talking a lot about this notion of asking for forgiveness, not permission. And trying to figure out a way to enable folks.  
Them: 100%. Yeah.  
Me: To live that.  
Them: Your power is going to be different to everyone else's, but it's still going to be your own power. Don't forget that.  
Me: Exactly.  
Them: You know you have something to bring to the table. We all do.  
Me: Exactly.  
Them: You just need to find that within you and trust it.  
Me: All right. Yeah. Last one, Last one, then I'll be done. I'm still trying to nudge under this notion of Beck door comes and how you guys sort of pass sequence around or. This guest is really challenging.  
Them: Oh, yeah.  
Me: Or I'm trying to figure out. There's 80 piece of magic you guys found. It sounds like WhatsApp is it. And she kind of lives in your daily WhatsApp chat.  
Them: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Like I said, we have this thing called the MOD reports, which is manager on the day. So we basically have a report where we fill out all the incidents.  
Me: Okay?  
Them: And then you can kind of relay that on. We give, like, handovers as well. From the morning to the evening shift, we send emails. Just updating, like, what's happened, what's gone wrong, what's gone right, what needs to be followed up. Etc, etc. So those things are something that the manager, supervisor, even the receptionist can look at. It's open to everyone, but usually the managers and supervisors will have a look at it because we're going to be the ones dealing with, let's say, the bigger issues. And some things that we need to follow up on, like, complaints or if we need to drop, like, do like, a room job for, like, gift bags or things like that. So it's like, those are all going to be in those. In those spreadsheets that we have that we open daily, so we make them daily.  
Me: So view night. Like the classic magic wand thing. Maybe it's a piece of technology. Maybe it's like.  
Them: Yeah.  
Me: A Super prime account that has things delivered quickly. It was something that you guys could have to make your job easier to do what you do even better. And you don't have to answer that. If it would be maybe chewing it. But what would that be? What would make that conversation flow faster? Unlock you guys to do that even more. I'm curious on how we can remove friction from what you guys are doing just to get through it. We'll think on it. Yeah, if there's something that can do later.  
Them: Question. Not sure.  
Me: Like, just go back and be. If we just had this, my staff could be four times more effective at what they're doing.  
Them: Yeah, for sure. Yeah. I think sometimes, a lot of the time, because we have so many arrivals and departures, I think a lot of the time doing your task. Tasks that you have and then dealing with the phones, the emails, the guests in front of you, you know, it can be a lot and a bit overwhelming, so. I am not sure what would work best. I mean, maybe if we had a person dedicated to specific tasks, and then the rest of you could kind of act as, like, a concierge. So then you don't have the panic of maybe not finishing your task. I don't know.  
Me: Research about people coming in before they come in. Like do snoop them on social, do you kind of.  
Them: But if they're. If we kind of know them, not if we. If we feel are familiar with the name. Like, we had a DJ staying the other day, Stephen Zhu. Do you know? Do you know?  
Me: See?  
Them: Love him.  
Me: Yeah.  
Them: But I knew who he was. But no one else knew. Me. Yeah, we sometimes. We sometimes do. Sometimes do snoop, but it's mainly if we recognize the name, not if it's just, like, a random person. But you do get funny names sometimes, and we do think it's. We do look those up.  
Me: Tell me. Albert Einstein's coming in. What's going on here?  
Them: Kind of. Folks, I've got to run. But lovely seeing you, Angela. Yeah, thank you. From. Yeah. What it's like on the front lines. To be honest, I get the impression with a lot of this that we're kind of hypothesizing, and I say, oh, no, that's how it works. All right. That's what that's. What it's really like. So it's been super great. I'll jump off. But you guys, obviously you have other stuff to talk about. Please do. Have a good day. Do you have any more questions, let me know.  
Me: Hey, josh, catch everyone. 