# Stephen

It started with a murmur, then grew into a whine. Before full eruption, Steve opened his eyes, blinking into the darkness hoping it was just a dream. Realising it wasn't, he quickly threw back the soft duvet and, like a ninja, swept Charlie up from his travel cot on the other side of the room. Conscious of his wife and daughter, he immediately grabbed his clothes, an outfit for Charlie, the nappy bag, and the trusted pushchair. Within seconds, exiting the room swiftly and in darkness, he left his wife and four-year-old daughter in the land of nod. This was the first time on the trip that Steve had needed to swoop across the room to pick up his one-year-old son, in the hope he wouldn't scream the hotel down.

Standing in the corridor of the hotel with the door to the room closed, wondering why he didn't just take refuge in the bathroom, Charlie's whines started to grow. Steve headed to the lift, desperately trying to get down to the ground floor, hoping he'd managed to grab all the essentials. The lift took an age to arrive and, with Charlie now screaming, the fear of waking up people in the nearby rooms crept in. Steve did his best to soothe him. Once safely into the lift and arriving on the ground floor, Steve now changed into more appropriate attire; it was time to get Charlie back to sleep in his pushchair, a tried and tested technique.

A quick glance at the clock: 2:30 a.m. Great, Steve thought, back in bed by 3:00 a.m.; plan neepy neepy was put into play. The trusted pushchair put into a recline, a bottle of warmed formula and a couple of laps of the hotel foyer would do the trick, allowing both Steve & Charlie to go back to sleep. Charlie, however, had other ideas and two hours later, in desperation and with no unexplored areas of the hotel left, Steve decided to venture the unknown, taking a wide awake one-year-old out into uncharted territory - Vancouver. What could go wrong...
